similarity
represent multivariate
understandable
perturbations
cisregulatory
Supporting
genome-wide molecular
canonical
capturing
stochastic
significant annotations
ingredient
distinguish regulation
advantage
activation
Inferring Cellular
condition
related-content
assignments
functional annotations
array-cluster variables
composing different
bootstrap procedure
particular experiment
consistent
Stochastic
meaningful biological
Dynamical
established
specification
localization
SPECIAL SECTION
sequential
reconstruction
designing
relational
justification
explosion
Foundation
Dvzeroski
understanding
granularity
Computational
different regulators
technical
Causation
composing
experience
Intuitively
throughput
examining
inference
stochasticity
construct-
BIOLOGY SPECIAL
well-understood principles
confidence
Mitchison
procedural methodology
Bioinformatics
composite
Fudenberg
particular
Representation
probability characterize
submodels
challenge
Expectation Maximization
following
respective gene-cluster
Integration
transduction
information
posttranscriptional
straightforward
Significant
Kaminski
description
high-confidence
likelihood estimation
cis-regulatory
annotation
bootstrap
correspond
hypotheses
representation
restriction
parameter estimation
candidate structure
significant regulation
conditional distribution
experiments
two-level
existence
Extensive
sevproach
manuscript
Heerwarden
GeneClusterg
correspondence
Evolution
different regulator
combination
Christiansen
Analysis
Complexity
proteinprotein interactions
Heckerman
subnetwork
characterized
Clustering
knockout
desirability
hypergeometric
challenges
measurement
GeneClusterg Alternatively
principled
Structures
Shen-Orr
Ecosystems
strategies
individual regulatory
associate
University
Uncertainty
mechanisms
regulators
dependencies
regulatory
Maximization procedure
Cambridge
Darwinian
consequence
high-resolution
additional structure
intuition
Copyright
variables
reflected
downstream transcriptional
compatibility
Downloaded
Ecological
intermediate
observations
reestimate
Association
insightful
Hammerstein
different submodels
systematic evaluation
Different regulatory
environmental
suitability
conditional probabilities
regulator
alternative experimental
combining additional
biological regulatory
biological principles
interactive
Regulatory Networks
Information
resentation
biological phenomena
first-order
feedback mechanisms
efficient
transcription
mechanism
potential
regulation mechanism
Glossary
systematic validation
significant
Biological
transcript
partition
probabilistic graphical
high-throughput
Amsterdam
differential expression
dissecting
selection
cluster­array
normalizing variables
availability
indicator
knowledge
parameters
chromatin structure
distinguishing correlation
condisumption
Kaufmann
permission
coexsignal
congruent
statistical regression
yeast-mating
procedures
evolution
graphical representation
Washington
Probabilistic Reasoning
architecture
Ashburner
predictive
computational procedures
ancestral
protein-DNA interactions
individual
Relational
describing probability
interacting
regulation mechanisms
Cellular Networks
International Conference
simplifying
available
variability
combining
general-purpose
conditional regulation
distinguish
Lorberbaum
significant annotation
ArrayCluster
Stability
High-throughput genome-wide
exprescan
estimation
expression
experimental
reinclude observations
characterization
model-based methodology
probability distribution
regulated
sequences
kinematic
expression attribute
trademark
Ontology
recurring
protein-protein
diversity
Schwikowski
Princeton
Probabilistic graphical
Selection
conditional probability
biological interpretability
intriguing
difficult challenge
glossary
hightranscription
optimization
Campbell
procedure
Supported
orientation
Furthermore
Mathematics
Intelligent
different
SpringerVerlag
declarative approach
Alternatively
Unselfish
composition
development
literature
promoters
assignment
FEBRUARY
declarative
coexRegulation
Jerusalem
Visualization
Similarly
Although high-throughput
underlying
Hartemink
ArrayClustera
feedforward
conclusions
Jaakkola
Springer-Verlag
Probabilistic Graphical
probabilistic
Clutton-Brock
Chickering
Simplifying
Evolutionary
extracting meaningful
flexibility
Sudarsanam
SECTION Reconstruction
biological knowledge
mathematical
conditional
phenomena
proteinprotein interaction
model-based approach
Ontology annotations
Wapinski
measurements
integration
repression
decomposition
Dieckmann
Population
Koninklijke Nederlandse
SCIENCE
underlying distribution
Proceedings
Wetenschappen
problematic assumption
parametric representation
extension
coregulaWe
neighbor
stochastic differential
computational
Psychology
causation
Advancement
MATHEMATICS
clustering
statistics
additional
robustness
orthogonal extension
approximate
Computational Molecular
translate
contradictory
extensive validation
partitioned
efficient computation
protein-protein interaction
Gyllenberg
Engineering
exploration
regulator-target
transcriptional
Introduction
phylogenetic
influence
engineering
Gimelfarb
effective inference
Francisco
high-throughput heterogeneous
coexpression
interested
Hofbauer
exregulation
Procedures
deviation
open-ended
independent experimental
important
pathways
mitogen-activated
corresponding
Prediction
biological mechasumption
SECTION Conclusion
Artificial Intelligence
