halfmaximum
feedback
arbitrary visuomotor
Physiological
transmembrane
Schumacher
fivefold
cynomolgus
Beierlein
ABCspecific signature
Department
midbrain27,28
consolidating
Supplementary Information
Neuropsychology
feedforward
interests statement
proportion
improvement
Callaway laboratory
expectation-related
conditional visuomotor
Best-fitting sigmoidal
Additionally
Acknowledgements
presentation
associations
stability
nucleotidebinding
Cognitive
combination
rate-limiting
Receptive
subcortical
energetic coupling6
Recording
arrangement
callaway
Hollerman
learning15,23
execution
Modifications
subdomain
structural
Functional micro-organization
neostriatal
Wicherski
ABC-protein
sequential relationship
Brookhart
thalamocortical
arbitrary
symmetric `head-to-tail
explainable
dura-puncturing
automatic
Molecular Neurobiology
associative
D'Esposito
fast-spiking
3Laboratory
financial
asymptote
learning-related
Innervation
Dickinson
cAMP-dependent
prediction
information retrieval
ATP-mediated
Basal-ganglia
Handbook
pre-saccadic
discussions
prefrontal
forthcoming
dorsolateral prefrontal
recording
GABAergic calretinin-immunoreactive
inhibitory
plasticity
incompatible
anatomical architecture
PFC19,20
integrative
Cardiac/Membrane Physiology
Behaviour
Lockless2
Passingham
excitatory
rewardrelevant associations
Callaway
Meskenaite
behavioural improvement
Hikosaka
MacCully
Population
RIKEN-MIT Neuroscience
infrastructure
NBD1-head
behavioural performance
possibility
DeAngelis
restructuring
Georgopoulos
hypothesis
custom-made
opposition
Correlation
interface
visuomotor associations
dorsolateral
early-trial direction
dissociation
reversals
multi-coloured
Cambridge
Computational Explorations
Prefrontal-basal
prokaryotic
ATP-driven
transmembrane conductance
Prefrontal
cortex-basal
suggestion
nucleotide occupancy
resonance
dysfunctional
Technology
Calretinin-immunoreactive
McDermott
adjustable
Rockefeller University
timescale
rule-based
representation-specific
Distributed
reflected
flexibility
molecular mechanism
specificity
cortico-basal ganglionic
illustrating
Biophysics
early-trial
dimensionality reduction
Voluntary
Diversity
infragranular
purposive
technical assistance
Connecticut
Connectivity
one-trial
initiation
Massachusetts Institute
Physiology
Comparison
Although pre-saccadic
reversible dimerization
reward-related
relationship
differences
Information processing
volitional
disruption
2Laboratory
construction
cytoplasmic nucleotide-binding
a-helical subdomain
semi-parallel
potential
Stimulating
population
cerebellum
pyramidal
conductance regulator
correlate
accordance
glutamate
receptive
reinforcement
Selectivity
nucleotide-bound
interaction
cue­response associations
biochemical
Lippincott-Raven
interpreted14
half-maximum selectivity
eight-trial
Different
Burkhalter
Publishing
computing
Area-selective
Rule-dependent
Philadelphia
correspond
Psychiatry
Nairn3,4
Boussaoud
Pasupathy
Laboratory
type-specific
regression
movements
Correspondence
different
Behavioural
Hadj-Bouziane
Takikawa
correlation coefficient
direction selectivity
Competing interests
mechanism
Understanding
Middleton
reward-based
Mountcastle
thalamus15
development
independent
earlytrial direction
Committee
single-channel recording
cue­saccade associations
hydrolysis
CFTR-channel
interfacial composite
FEBRUARY
collection
ATP-binding
important
Amsterdam
sophisticated
intrinsic
structure
voluntary
striatum23
conditional association
Kawaguchi
advantageous
`prospective
Cognitive Neuroscience
Instruments
Dopaminergic reward-prediction
Waveforms
goal-directed
Earlytrial
correlation
organization
two-state spontaneous
