tRNAscan-SE
First-order
selection
ViennaRNA
non-coding
Thermodynamic stability
stability
regulatory noncoding
minimizing
postdoctoral
statistical
ribosomal
Department
abundant
MicroRNAs
tendency
Schuster
thermodynamic stability
trade-off
shuffling
implementation
randfold
DISCUSSION
proportion
LagosQuintana
Widespread selection
association
molecules
extensive
Bonhoeffer
equilibrium
correspondence
Received
biogenesis
Unfortunately
asymptotic efficiency
Detection
successful annotation
possible
Analysis
framework
functional activity
accepted
Drosophila microRNA
supplementary information
Wetenschappelijk-Technologisch Onderzoek
stem­loop structures
permuting
precursor molecules
Randomize
experimentally
potential stem­loop
cleavage
Pervouchine
Availability
sequence detection
sequence
sensitivity
dinucleotide
Proportion
down-regulation
RESULTS
detection
Dicer-like
Arabidopsis
computer
insertion
statistic
bacterial
heterochronic
developmental
Secondary structure
METHODS Non-coding
integration
research
Vertebrate microRNA
messenger
validating potential
Lendeckel
previous
approach
double-stranded specific
available
original sequences
comparable
Bootstrap
MicroRNA precursors
minimization
complementary
importance
microRNA sequences
University
processing
agreement
silencing-associated
dinucleotide shuffling
heterogeneous
eukaryotic
hypothesis
substitution
nucleotide composition
auxiliary
Bettinger
additional
Schmittgen
comparison
Stabilization
hsa-mir-30a hsa-mir-33
potential conserved
Evidence
original sequence
Statistical
consequence
expression
stem­loop structure
software
Preferably
assessing thermodynamic
comparative
computational
inference
probability
Abdelhakim
Computational identification
suboptimal structure
lymphocytic
microRNAs
MATERIALS
REFERENCES
Therefore
sequences
non-canonical
Industrie
Hofacker
Distribution
first-order
considering
publication
subcellular
Dreyfuss
frameshift
stem­loop precursors
assumption
initiation
normalization
threshold
Carrington
Bevordering
hsa-mir-27a hsa-mir-15a
shuffling sequences
structures
significant secondary
Cambridge University
noncomplementary
Bioinformatics
Mononucleotide shuffling
favorable
Following
Dinucleotide shuffling
conditional probabilities
Original
observation
Pasquinelli
21-nucleotide
algorithm
hsa-mir-219 hsa-mir-27a
Marshall
Hutvagner
stepwise processing
Watson­Crick
excitement
hsa-let-7d hsa-mir-16
Supplementary information
Kasschau
secondary structures
highthroughput
Griffiths-Jones
procedure
antisense complementarity
kcal/mol
probable regulatory
Transfer
Frequent
precursor sequence
evidence
Caenorhabdbitis
Randomization
dinucleotide distribution
statistical significance
Instituut
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Endogenous
Williams
absolute
different
Stiegler
microRNA precursors
Dicerlike
ribosome
bioinformatics/ INTRODUCTION
Biological Sequence
mechanism
error-prone annotation
Tomancak
randomization
According
precursor sequences
Drosophila melanogaster
Perrière
Feinbaum
Technologiepark
ABSTRACT Motivation
Interuniversity Institute
simulation
development
ribonuclease III-like
Weinstein
MicroRNA maturation
Ribosomal
available sequences
mononucleotide
important
Lagos-Quintana
dinucleotide randomization
Identification
successive
original structure
Biotechnology
sequence information
structure
so-called
Degroeve
gene-finding
maximizing
secondary structure
database
discarding
DiShuffle
calculated
hsa-mir-30d hsa-let-7d
specific secondary
hsa-let-7d hsa-mir-219
Caenorhabditis
computational procedure
Mitchison
Laboratoire
Eddington
original
randomized sequences
