represent
sequence alignment
interpretation
non-coding
Research
`correct
Evolutionary distance
computation
ribosomal
Department
alternative
Biopolymers
inside­outside algorithm
alignment
European
homology
knowledge
acknowledge
structure predictions
interesting
DISCUSSION
pseudoknot
improvement
estimating
treatment
Computer prediction
extensive
Statistical alignment
pairwise distance
likelihood alignment
Partially
Building
Evolution
Unfortunately
stochastic context-free
returning
reconstructing phylogenetic
possible
Mammalian
Algorithms
Pieczenik
Automatic detection
comparative sequence
structural
Accuracy
evolution
positions
covariance information
Gorodkin
specific
predicted
pyrimidine
alignments
essential
GCA-tRNA sequences
deletions
individual structure
Statistics
illustrating
Klebsiella pneumoniae
sequence
Jukes­Cantor distances
sensitivity
Gainesville
structure prediction
RESULTS
Pathogen Research
individual
bacterial
nonstandard
Jukes-Cantor
detection
web-based
disallowing
controlled prediction
base-pairs
INTRODUCTION
Compilation
Felsenstein
increase
Winkelmans
evolutionary distance
MATERIAL Supplementary
Accepted
evaluation
available
prediction accuracy
evolving
Sometimes
covariation information
Secondary structure
database
University
predicting
analysed
Carlsberg Foundation
standard
secondary structures
eukaryotic
structural sequence
biological
consideration
beginning
posterior probability
Imagining
parentheses
SUPPLEMENTARY MATERIAL
ClustalW alignments
National
sequence dependence
algorithm described
practical
implementation
ribonuclease
Reliabilities
estimation
experimental
structural prediction
computational
Andersen
inclusion
Probabilities
overview
different structure
Pedersen
efficient structure
European database
probability distribution
appropriate
extended nucleotide
sequences
Hofacker
Jukes­Cantor
algorithmical
accuracy increases
equilibrium partition
computer
METHODS
introduction
removing
Sequence Analysis
Academic
Noncoding
obtainable
reduction
1Department
hypothetical
percentage
Nussinov
Furthermore
function
Samuelsson
specific sequence
Positions
immediate
context-free grammars
neighbour
evolutionary information
posterior
CLUSTAL
Steinberg
likelihood approach
phylogenetic analysis
auxiliary
distance
Probabilistic
accordance
predicted structure
avoiding
reliable
resemble
analysed together
biological sequence
ConStruct
progressive multiple
Supplementary
Rosenblad
frequency
realistic scenario
evaluating
Combining
identical
situation
nucleotides
Received February
unpaired
statistical alignment
correspondence
Different
evolutionary distances
stacking
ABSTRACT
phylogenetic
Cambridge University
Guldbergsgade
reliability
something
previous algorithm
Thompson
relevant information
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
biological sequences
conserved structures
multiple sequences
information
different
Stiegler
Christian
advantage
pairwise distances
Ioudovitch
McCaskill
answering
Biological Sequence
Appendix
performance
multiple sequence
partition function
difficult
multiple
Prediction accuracy
thermodynamic
correlation
Robustness
prohibitive
previous knowledge
extending
important
nucleotide alphabet
base-stacking
significant
included
probabilistic
neighbor-joining
conserved secondary
Expanded sequence
ambiguous
Kleitman
ClustalW alignment
secondary structure
different alignment
explicit evolutionary
original
Examples
Mitchison
parenthesis
base-pair
Bioinformatics Research
