irregular secondary
Wittinghofer
particular
significant denseness
Kolinski
supposition
Discussion Benchmark
threshold
Gaussian
Appendix
alignment
previous
foldable
well-aligned
prediction methodology
implementation
twilight
biological annotation
improvement
experiment
Ran-binding
excluded
Concluding
flowchart
Needleman­
correspondence
saturation
refinement algorithm
Marti-Renom
combination
Nevertheless
significant improvement
template-based alignments
possible
building full-length
MODELLER
Rearrangement
Brookhaven
difference
templates identified
one-seventh
Potential
presented
Overview
Washington
single-domain structures
consensus
threading
magnitude
reasonable
Full-length
significant progress
conclusion
structure completeness
essential
requisite resolution
low-resolution templates
templates
Skolnick
weighted
reference
sequence
structure prediction
contact-number
individual
Tramontano
PROSPECTOR
protein-folding
continuous sequence
Meleshko
fulllength
Unaligned
Gilliland
power-law
Clarendon
Improvements
identification
Representative
comprehensive benchmark
knowledge-based statistical
invariant
numerous
accuracy confidence
Side-chain
coordinate assignment
comparable
acceptable resolution
Harrison
medium-size
respectively
University
conformation
representative benchmark
wire-frame
Integration
refinement
nonhomologous
homologous
Altschul
configuration
Communicated
topology
definition
structural resemblance
September
December
dependence
side-chain
practical
structure predictions
protein-specific
procedure
Dynamics
Shindyalov
high-resolution
Certainly
low-to-moderate
probability
large-scale
Swindells
rank-one
Betancourt
powerful
Eisenberg
300-residue
addressed
sequences
structure classification
intermolecular
skolnick
recognition algorithm
state-of-the-art structure
temperature
backbones
refinements
extrinsic
knowledge-based potentials
approach
consensus information
realistic situation
Bioinformatics
top-scoring templates
November
rearranging
structures
acceptable templates
Comparison
contribute
alignments identified
Especially
structure superposition
correlation coefficient
one-third
low-to-moderateresolution experimental
construction
understandable
systematic
Ran-RanBP1­RanGAP
unaligned
improved
percentage
Fernandez
largescale
RMSDglobal
backbone structure
secondary structure
Blundell
MacArthur
challenge
suggestive
optimization
exploration
continuous fragments
secondary structures
biochemical
distribution
Kuhnlength
Consistent
recognition
single-domain
motivation
orientation
generality
unphysical alignments
calculation
Furthermore
alignment algorithm
immediate practical
structure refinement
combination procedure
structural alignments
resultant full-length
singledomain
Westbrook
research
full-length
comparative
conformational
simulation
hydrogen
physical
Templates
successful
different
protein-like
completeness
sensitive
efficient
state-of-theart structural
statistical potentials
majority
methodology
potential
structure comparison
RMSDlocal
objective
parallel hyperbolic
Multiple-Template-Based
Structure Alignment
contacting
accuracy
deviation
GM-37408
structural alignment
SPICKER clustering
Kuhn-length
reassem-
PSIPRED
systematic demonstration
low-resolution experimental
BIOPHYSICS
connectivity
optimized
important
Excellence
significant
potentials
functional analysis
Conformational
elemental building
templates alignments
SPICKER
structure alignments
observation
algorithm
buildable
demonstrating
calculated
correspond
individual templates
academic
hierarchical
principle
optimized potential
correlation
Needleman
structure alignment
available comparative
