Caldeira
atmosphere
Regional
different emissions
Information Administration
Abbreviations
Industrial Research
domestic
Atmospheric Research
Continental
Switzerland
Reduction
identify
Department
portfolio
alternative
highest-emission scenario
cumulative anthropogenic
Integrated
National Laboratory
European
Kingdom
Philippe
Economic Outlook
emissions trajectory
*Global
NonFuelHC
Equivalent
demographic
regional emissions
declined
production
Christopher
Although
technological
derivative
extensive
Discussion
Lithua¶¶EIA
correspondence
fossil-fuel
International Institute
Integrating
intensive development
desirable
regional
§§Yamaji
cumulative fossil-fuel
historic
FNonFuelHC
reversal
national emissions
difference
identity emissions
Statistics Division
predicted emissions
Ecology
Protocol
Laxenburg
CO2/Energy/
SUSTAINABILITY SCIENCE
regionalized analysis
Buitenhaus
constant-price
conflict
decrease
Houghton
essential
emissions scenarios
cumulative emission
significant slowdown
breakdown
identity§§
omission
Washington
national
prediction
relative
Canadell
intensity
economic
countrylevel
perspective
Robertson
enormous
Etheridge
environmental stewardship
transport
economic activity
combustion
Matsuhashi
country-level emissions
assistance
Continuous
research
increase
Regional cumulative
multidecadal
international
subscript
plotting
Schmittner
predicted
available
regional intensities
Economics
tmospheric
normalized
exchange
oxidation
respectively
University
PPP-based
commercial
understanding
least-developed economies
Sarmiento
fossil-fuel-intensive
Comparisons
Langenfelds
definition
regional distribution
Cambridge
efficiency
uncertainty
fossil-fuel emissions
Jacxobson
shipping
feasible
counterpart
fossil-fuel intensive
cumulative emissions
energy/GDP
Antarctic
Information Analysis
Intergovernmental
otherwise
industrial
stabilization
progressive decoupling
Laboratorie
Plattner
resource-based economic
integral
requirement
regional per-capita
Raupach
Environment
dominant anthropogenic
noncontiguous
Therefore
summation
proportional
emissions/energy
Dlugokencky
unfolding
land-use
Fossil-fuel
Australia
Commonwealth Scientific
reliance
consumption
Greenhouse
Differences
radiative
governance
parallel
indicate
mitigation
considering cumulative
fraction
compensating
Definition
fossil-fuel combustion
collapse
interregion
postulated
envelope
emission
Together
Edmonds
MER-based
geothermal
Valentini
substantial increase
Emissions
particular
mid-18th
Contribution
Consequently
population
exception
physical movement
atmospheric
Progressive decoupling
Canberra
Nabuurs
challenge
Partnership
economies
long-term decreasing
preparation
individual
emissions
Combining
distribution
Criswell
energy-intensive
Freibauer
identical
transition
constant
¶School
inclusive
Introduction
Temporal
Matsuoka
discrepancy
Baldocchi
per-capita
Australian
Workshop
regionalized development
Observed emissions
concentration
Economic Measures
Defining
developed countries
acceleration
Relative
combination
Framework Convention
efficient
megajoule
responsible
Understanding
globalization
emphasize
significance
per-capita emissions
fossil-fuel emission
International Monetary
Observing
long-term
prerequisite
intensive dependence
national-level combustion
Springer
scenarios developed
Stanford
Institute
collaboration
variation
possible
cessation
ecological
important
Emissions Scenarios
airborne fraction
significant
supporting information
Research Organisation
l'Environnement
Nakicenovic
Carnegie Institution
weakening
sources¶¶
observation
scenario
persistent
§Commissariat
Observed
l'Energie Atomique
fractional contribution
atmospheric residence
pro-rata
anthropogenic
quantity
