represent
4Department
short-sighted nondeliberative
circuitry
Department
long-run aggregate
Analogous
regressor identified
anticipation
physiological
functional neuroimaging
regression specification
supplemental
presentation
conjecture
activation
higher-frequency
whole-brain
rationality
difference
Behavioral/Systems/Cognitive
stimulus
quintuple
AG012810
Nottingham
Neuropsychol
discounting
2National
challenge
MH065214
McClure,1
insignificant
consistent
repetitive
oxygenation level-dependent
prediction
Willpower
Instantaneous
recruitment
prefrontal
Loewenstein
quasihyperbolic
preferences
half-maximum
henceforth
Whole-brain
experiment
coefficient
Economics
respectively
orbitofrontal
component
contivated experiment
Critchley
intertemporal experience
computer-controlled
projection
significance threshold
reward-dependency
overlapwith
cognitive processes
environment
consumption
Discounting analysis
likelihood
considerresponse
comparing
mysterious
Neuroscience
associative processes
corrected
interaction
normalized
particular
amygdala
event-related
voxel-level
information processing
Additional inspection
mammalian
following
Lhermitte
two-system discounting
weighting
McClelland
quadratic dependence
Coefficient
information
autonomy
Williamson
monitoring
Attention
Nevertheless
Preference
full-width
significance
NeuroReport
parameter
Schneider
minimized
Specific
nonexponential discounting
correlate
choice/trial
Cohen1,5
deterioration
exclusive
magnitude categories
evolutionary
interpretation
dorsocaudal
displayed
nonparametric
experiments
responsive
Copyright
continuous-time generalization
susceptible
estimating
present-oriented
secondary
correspondence
combination
automaticity
Analysis
framework
domain-general cognitive
smoothness
association
cognition
Functional
mesolimbic
exponential discounting
individually
financial
Monterosso
contiguous
paralimbic
psychology
integrative
AlphaSim
integrated
possibility
standard
affective
beginning
realignment
Cambridge
Baumeister
Introduction Empirical
doubleexponential
probability
symbolic
D'Ardenne
higher-level cognitive
temperature
AG024361
hyperbolic
engagement
percentage
automatic processes
relationship
Ericson,2
Information processing
immediate
respec1977
Magnitude
Shiffrin
detection
References
amplitude
subsequent analyses
Discountis
correction
normative discounting
Estimating
substantial
AG005842
double-exponential
mechanism
potential
performance
Difference
custom-written
sum-squared
immediacy
averexact
significant
observation
sysworking
Consistent
Impulsivity
deCorrespondingly
represent different
Experimental Economics
threshold
indicator
additional regressors
dividing
implementation
Ultimatum
convenient functional
dependent
psychiatric
Discounting
conjunction
contextual
substrate
differential
automatic
sensitivity
regressor
experieach
individual
commissure­posterior commissure
Laibson,2,3
movement-related
Controlled
subsequent
-weighted echo-planar
impulsiveness
available
hypothesis
Neurological Institute
error-related
familywise
sensitive
Individual
juice/water
long-term
delibreward
experimental
Discussion
Subjects
choice-related
startling
Predicting
Economic
replicate
direction
corresponding
reward-related
Pennsylvania
sufficient
repetition
Princeton University
exception
Loewenstein,4
Intertemporal
impulsive responding
Averaging
empirical
two-system
Supplementary
procedure
Dissociation
Furthermore
magnitude categohypothesize
statistical analysis
executing cognitive
Symposium
following functional
Correspondence
different
indistinguishable
propensity
resulting
3Department
Coefficients
single-exponential
region-of-interest
decision-making
cortico-basal
resonance
aggregate
O'Doherty
Perceptual
deliberative cognitive
environmental dependency
continuous exponential
discounted
cingulate
delivarea
neuroscientific
goal-directed
consistency
Statistical significance
quantitative
inappropriate calibration
significant difference
excessive
proximity
valuable
alternative
visualization
subjects
Although
transformation
identical
cognitive processing
preference
Cognitive Neurology
appetitive
MacDonald
preferen-
intertemporal
presreplication
identified
supplementary
region-level
swallowing-related
Yamawaki
dorsolateral prefrontal
Pittsburgh
Massachusetts
neural/behavioral
MH072141
Parametric analysis
selecting
equivalent
processing
analyses
comparison
Neuroeconomics
subgenual cingumoney
regressors
color-coded controlling
Psychology
color-coded
short-run
Experiment
Identification
brain-imaging
smoothing
structure
conflict-monitoring
Predictability
stereotyped
overlapping
posterior
convolving
Psychiatry
valuation
intertemporal preferences
emotional
5Department
marketplace
computing
smcclure
underexperiment
formulation
controlled
functions
hemodynamic
indeThere
decisional
frontal/parietal
gustatory
NeuroImage
Hillsdale
important
Consistency
neuroscience
Disorganization
unresponsive
bilateral
Prediction
impatient
behavioral
Botvinick
