immuno-enrichment
fluorescence polymerase
immuno-enriched
ChIPSAGE
Web-based
adenosine 3´,5´-monophosphate
measurable occupancy
suboptimal sequences
clustered
noncanonical half-site
experiments
positional resolution
gigabase-size
factor-DNA
Department
Published
Molecular
endowment
availability
Mortazavi
sensitivity/specificity
data-quality
Supporting
genome-wide transcript
classification
candidate
microarray
physiological
interesting
ultrahigh-throughput sequencing
Histogram
environment
instrument
positional precision
attractive
Although
permissive
structural
nonidentical
NRSF/REST­enriched
single-copy
correspondence
Close-up
protective
half-site
downstream
permission
significance threshold
activation
successful rejection
evolution
functional
permissivity
framework
RNA-coding
NEUROD1
sequencing
interactome structure
reasonable certainty
plausible multistep
prominent
size-selection
significant enrichment
position-specific frequency
substrate
high-scoring canonical
candidate connections
Canonical NRSF-binding
Washington
NRSFbinding
high-quality protein-DNA
supplement
nonrepeat
autoregulatory
target-site repertoire
binding-site
Ashburner
inspection
microRNAs
accessible
computationally high-scoring
large-scale chromatin
NRSF/REST interactome
reference
Sachidanandam
sensitivity
California Institute
protein-DNA interactions
down-regulation
plausible
threshold
intensity
individual
high-read
Generalized
near-optimal canonical
co-repressors
differentiation
attributable
Neurogenin3
motif-finding algorithm
canonical
sequences
mammalian
cross-hybridization
neuroendocrine development
well-specified binding-motif
transcriptional repression
Caenorhabditis
subsequent
specification
chromatin remodeling
conservative
ChIPArray
experiment
inflammation
SCIENCE
left-side
NRSF/REST sequence-tag
sequencing technology
available
supporting
immunohistochemistry
statistical certainty
considerable
ChIPSeq-positive
overrepresentation
selecting
University
statistical robustness
genome-comprehensive
possibility
goldstandard
Consortium
selective
hypothesis
separation
biochemical
regulatory
protein-DNA interactome
detecting
companion
experimental
comSCIENCE
temperature
NRSF-mediated repression
comparison
pancreatic
discernible
Czernichow
parameters
differential chromatin
technical
determining
cost-effective
expression
long-distance repression
ChIPSeq-enriched
NIH/National
simultaneous
outstanding experimental
HG003162
ultrahigh-throughput
sequence-tag distribution
Technology
measuring repressor
repressor
preamplification
sequenced
repression
computational
Copyright
inclusion
NRSF/REST protein-DNA
chromosomal
Protein-DNA Interactions
Advancement
wholegenome
Experiment
occupancy
preparation
specificity
nonpalindromic
cross-regulatory interactions
Distribution
occurrence
invaluable
center-to-center
transmission
additional
ontology
factor-binding
experimental interactome
Binding-motif
trademark
systems-level
true-positive
hepatocyte
Downloaded
intermediate
NRSF-positive
structure
progenitor
Regulatory
conservation
Genome-Wide
molecular
Association
sufficient chromatin
developmental progression
Maccarrone
Forschungsgemeinschaft
corresponding
channel-activity
Scharfmann
Affymetrix-style microarray
ChIPchip
double-stranded
adjusting
Bioinformatics
comprehensiveness
distribution
signal-tonoise
accessibility
canonical 11-bp­spaced
Evolution
signaling
Independent
Pha4/FoxA
developmental
beginning
Solexa/Illumina sequencing
NRSF/RESTbinding
Pet3-and-above
cross-link
algorithm
related-content
Schoenherr
characteristic
challenge
peak-call algorithm
Fivefold enrichment
regulator
cutaneous
frequency
References
real-time fluorescence
attention
promising
following
detectable
nucleotides
high-quality monoclonal
motif-finding
quantitative real-time
inferring
Grunseich
Information
transcriptional
orientation
independent experiments
canonical NRSF-binding
explanation
locations
identifiable
degenerate
concentration
nonpancreatic
chromosome
well-specified
Development
information
high-confidence
arrowhead
DNA-RNA
transcription
successful detection
statistical confidence
signal-to-noise
application
QPCR-positive validation
Significant
Solexa/Illumina
activator
performance
genome-wide
NRSF-containing
composition
ChIP-QPCR
difficult
development
independent
transfection
pancreatic neuroendocrine
comprehensive
ChIPSeq-binding locations
high-resolution interactome
different
hybridization chemistry
NRSFbound
pharmacological
whole-genome completeness
important
noncanonical NRSF-binding
significant
contemporary largescale
right-side
chromatin immunoprecipitation
annotation
neuron-restrictive
nonneuronal
secondary structure
Herkenham
high-resolution
positional
correspond
nucleotide-by-nucleotide
Miyagawa
false-negatives
part-time
putational discovery
principle
Ascherman
distinctive
representation
resolution
enrichment
