significant difference
selection
laboratory
Bushnell
parathyroid
gammafrequency
experiments
transepithelial transport
Department
demonstrated symmetric
selectivity
2Institute
homeostasis
Schröder
Supporting
preferred-orientation
Parkville
conduction
Nabeshima,1
programming assistance
Mechanisms
responsible
environment
Synchronization
association
Although
Roelfsema
K+ATPase
top-down influence
attention-enhanced
histological
spike-time­dependent plasticity
phenotype
correspondence
bottom-up information
within-trial physiological
permission
Csicsvari
connections
Schoffelen
Regulator
framework
probability
synchronization
K+-ATPase immunoreactivity
Yoshihito
Organization
respectively
Technology Corporation
condition
Oncology
efficacy
spike-field coherence
stimulus
Examples
Washington
Functional
magnitude
K+-ATPase
Iijima,1
available
oscillation
premature aging­like
consistent
transient interaction
Bol'shoy
plausible
cognitive top-down
information processing
Health­Intramural
Uchiyama,6 Toshihiko
Pigarev,2
reciprocal immunoprecipitation
Fujioka,7
Hasenstaub
short-lived
higher-order structure
Hematology
a-Klotho
Volkswagen Foundation
Otolaryngology
cooperation
Oostenveld
confusion
conditions
University
Population
Sejnowski
supporting
Nabeshima1,8 a-klotho
responses
SCIENCE
Womelsdorf
attention
Tennigkeit
possibility
REPORTS interesting
selective
Microscopy
K+adenosine triphosphatase
K+-ATPase SCIENCE
Pathology
Steinmetz
Scientific
Brefczynski
depolarizing
6Department
Synchronized
Feedback Highlights
Integrative Bioscience
Supported
cytoplasm
preferential processing
Neurosurgery
Kazuhiko Nozaki,5
long-term
supporting description
high-resolution
9Laboratory
experimental
monoclonal
5Department
effective interaction
regardless
Copyright
somatosensory
color-coded
Advancement
receptive-field
Kusunoki
determine
membrane-potential
selecting information
Cappello
additional
Evolutional
IST-027268
Coherence
trademark
Chromosome Inheritance
Downloaded
regulation
intraparietal
2Horizontal
intracortical
Hashimoto,5 Tetsufumi
Neuroscience
percentage
Association
Signaling
Tallon-Baudry
stimulus repetition
controlled
biotinylation
self-organized
Ungerleider
coherence
molecular association
attention-enhanced coherence
posterior
particular
single-neuron
fundamental mechanism
Information Transmission
population
abundance
multi-taper
related-content
recruitment
Locations
extracellular
Iwano,1,8 Chikashi
feature-based information
References
Tanaka,4
following
detectable
attention conditions
Information
subcellular fractionation
orientation
Ken-ichi Tomiyama,1
a-Kl-Na+
Tominaga,10
substantial
Neuroreport
match-to-sample
orthogonal
Toshihiko Fujimori,1,8
Australian
Constantinidis
information
Optometry
relationship
cerebrospinal
Attention
mechanism
Togashi,10
Nevertheless
potential
feature-based attention
Top-Down Feedback
overlapping receptive
considerable similarity
gamma-frequency
K+-ATPase­ dependent
handshaking
principle
oscillatory
Frotscher
Miyahiko
Institute
preceding
REPORTS stimulus
different
Melbourne
attentional
important
connected
Technology
top-down feedback
successive
Nishio,3
11Department
K+-ATPase-EGFP
Vidyasagar
fluorescence
R01EY017292
attentional modulation
analysis
immunoreactivity
Kojima,4
Goldberg
NEST-043457
Saalmann,1
behavioral
significant coherence
Homeostasis
