Phasecoupling
attentional interpretation
coherency
Laplacian
synchronous activation
Schnitzler
Alpha-Band Amplitude
Department
deblurring technique
Sinkkonen
reference electrode
Event-Related
Columbia
gamma-band synchronization
physiological
electrophysiological
appropriate frequency
presentation
Hillyard
Selective visual-spatial
lateralized large-scale
lateralized longrange
gamma-phase synchrony
difference
stimulus
synchronization lateralized
noiseless
perceptual
inspection
accumulation
attention deployment
appearance
consistent
prediction
Instantaneous
approximation
unattended
Nagarajan
Oscillatory
Detection
nonlinear
Laplacians
lateralized long-distance
experiment
gamma-band coherence
synchronous attentional
Supplemental
segmentation
long-distance gammaband
efficacious
respectively
selective visuospatial
component
understanding
amplitude contralateral
potential fluctuation
later-occurring alpha-band
gamma-band oscillations
Gazzaniga
Stephanie
interpret
Silberstein
Multiway
Intelligence
cognitive neuroscience
gammaband synchronization
sensory-evoked
procedure
attention modulation
topography
band-pass
analyzing
implicating gamma-band
summation
decrement
cognitive processes
Explaining
Corresponding
comparing
frequency specificity
mysterious
theoretical
Bhattacharya
standardized
populations
successful
2Laboratory
Cambridge
particular
functional neuroanatomy
Fernandez
Grunwald
integrating
Doppelmayr
somatosensory stimulation
retinotopic mechanism
alternative approach
Birbaumer
Functional connectivity
following
Electrode
surrogate distribution
Selective Attention
Integration
information
respective
endogenous attention-orienting
Stimulusspecific
discussion
Carpenter
occipital
oscillatory synchronization
criterion
gamma-band activation
electroencephalographic
widespread
establishment
event-related potential
extensive rationale
significant attention
long-distance gamma-phase
analysis generalize
readiness
effective
conscious
attention-orienting
integrative properties
posterior
electrodes ipsilateral
inter-columnar synchronization
reference-free
TallonBaudry
Stimulus-specific
distortion
nonocular
Extensive
directional
gammaband amplitude
inclusion
automatic rejection
communication
attentional deployment
Doesburg
correspondence
combination
button-press
individual subjects
lateralization
executive consciousness
association
cognition
assemblies
Selective attention
Accordingly
realistic
traditional behavioral
long-range synchronization
associative
development
spherical Laplacian
Pikovski
low-pass
endogenous orienting
frequency
Pikovsky
measurement
Discovery
behavioral enhancement
propensity
integrated
perception
Long-range
University
divergence
possibility
formation
occipitoparietal
subsequent decoupling
interaction
experimentwise
particular electrodes
cingulum
Synchrony Analysis
volume-conducted synchrony
probability
transform
desynchronization
Electroencephalogr
publication
theta-gamma
Increases
Conscious recollection
confirming
assumption
hemifield
synchronous assembly
Allefeld
unattended information
volume-conduction
Cambridge University
relationship
calculating phase-locking
percept-specific
Wetrdorp
Interhemispheric
preceding transient
hemispheric event-related
Cognitive Neuroscience
amplitude
Keywords
collecting
Rosenblum
electroencephalography
Gamma-band synchronization
oscillatory mechanism
locations
Reinikainen
depending
functional decoupling
responsible
Pedroarena
mechanism
Pascual-Leone
Appendix
alpha-band amplitude
3concentric
performance
figure-ground segregation
explanation
bilateral stimulus
hemisphere contralateral
gamma-band synchrony
significant
successive
low-frequency oscillations
extrastriate
rapid-serial-visual-presentation
constancy
electro-oculogram
attentional modulation
nonsynchronous
visuospatial attention
beta-band
Amsterdam
Reynolds
conscious perceptual
single-trial
selection
longrange desynchronization
functional connectivity
synchronous
Srinivasan
prolonged following
ipsilateral
subtracting
indicator
functional integration
knowledge
conduction
conscious executive
Lavikainen
stimulus discrimination
Synchronization
awareness
occipitotemporal electrodes
Netherlands
background
Increased gamma-band
conjunction
evolution
Amplitude Reduction
requirement
Martinerie
electrodes
Specifically
occipital locations
detection
Columbia Behavioral
individual
forthcoming
electrode
nonstandard
conductivity
illusory
familiarity
statistical reliability
International Conference
available
comparable
hippocampus
Neocortical
electrodes contralateral
hypothesis
Roggeveen1
topology
refinement
Doesburg1
Psychophysics
posterior electrodes
Volkmann
contribution
estimation
experimental
otherwise
modality-specific
large-scale
Published
phase-locked
anticipatory
amplitude correlation
Perception
electrocorticogram
Processing
distracter suppression
lateralized
reduction
initiation
maintenance
proposal
universal
Comparison
direction
corresponding
Wijesinghe
sufficient
nonlateralized
gammaband synchrony
repertoire
Introduction Performance
derivative
corrected-to-normal
irrelevant
contralateral occipital
reciprocal
amplitude discussed
magnetoencephalogram
prominence
Supplementary
rhinalhippocampal
instantaneous amplitude
attentional maintenance
orientation
dissociable
averaging
rectangular distribution
discrepancy
intracranial electrodes
executive processes
different
preparatory
alpha-band
Lateralization
longrange gamma-band
Cue-directed deployment
independent
occipitoparietal electrodes
Stimulus
selective properties
transitory
conscious recollection
allocation
analyzed subjects
synchronization/desynchronization
Spherical
reflection
surrogate
Long-distance alpha-band
Synchronous
Waveforms
Large-Scale Gamma-Band
transient functional
gamma-band synchronous
termination
Contreras
target-discrimination
subgroup
Tsuchiya
half-amplitude
consciousness
hypothesized
Attention Doesburg
artifact-free
bandwidth
perceptual processing
coordination
Modulation
attention-related
representational
subjects
maintaining
Although
relevance
occurring
identical
Lutzenberger
selective activation
cognitive processing
deployment
emergence
prominent
phase-locking
cognitive
standardization
frontomedial electrodes
recording electrodes
attention orienting
synchronization analysis
gamma-band amplitude
electroencephalogram
nonconscious
conscious experience
oscillations
gamma-band desynchronization
Modulations
short-term
Institute
Anticipatory
potential analysis
instantaneous
waveform
Education
Attending
particular eliminating
reasonable
lateralized long-range
equivalent
processing
oscillating
attentional preparation
Proceedings
percentile
plausible mechanism
attentional processing
discussed
depolarized
simulation
information selection
Klimesch
pffiffiffiffiffi
appropriate attention
Psychology
modalities
unattended stimulus
long-distance synchronization
Large-scale gamma-band
alpha-band evolution
additional
Coherence
approximate
long-duration
conscious workspace
California
to-be-ignored
magnetoencephalographic
Tallon-Baudry
Reduction Previously
well-characterized
beta-band networks
sophisticated
hemisphere
illuminating
impedance
intercolumnar inhibition
Yamanaka
responding
Rodriguez
long-range gamma-band
Engineering
spherical coordinate
synchrony analysis
Waberski
long-range synchrony
contralateral
large-scale gamma-synchronous
selective attention
task-relevant
Neuroscience Laboratory
Vancouver
lateralized gamma-band
Measuring
binocular
beta-band oscillatory
signal-to-noise
application
large-scale gamma-band
electrical
large-scale functional
event-related gamma-band
conclusion
deviation
stimulus properties
widespread electrodes
rejection algorithm
stimulus processing
important
Standardized amplitude
suppression
structure
bilateral
synchrony Introduction
electrode contralateral
information integration
Naccache
behavioral
Martinirie
Discussion Cue-directed
intentional
