answering
Participants Participants
excellent
accessibility
information management
Management
questions
enterprise
keywords
Edinburgh
low-level
bibliography
knowledge
first-year engineering
folksonomy frequency
Memephoria
Arrington
potential
inability
Although
interesting application
relevance
Marchionini
Collaborative bibliography
Tripartite
resources
Smallwood
International Conference
specific information
organizations
Frequency
Cognition
information-seeking
title=Tag_cloud
unfamiliar
non-specific information
corollary
Straw-Men
serendipitous
Forebrain
disadvantage
information-seeking behaviour
necessary
cognitive
Information Professionals
Characteristics
occlusion
supplementary classification
Washington
non-specific questions
folksonomies
`Browsing
right-hand
assurance
sustainable
particular screenshot
peer-reviewed
`folksonomy
Folksonomy
terminology
information architecture
accessible
employing
Delicious2
Folksonomy Definition
consistent
specificity
most-used
searching
information retrieval
surrounding
perception
Slashdot
Pattuelli
International
McCarthy
appropriate classification
recognition
scientific
Available
dissertation
taxonomy
collaborative organization
Collaborative
deliberate
Selecting
important organizing
integration
Svenonius
RawSugar6
participants
experiment
oldid=63880649
navigating
Folksonomies
Conclusion
counter-argues
discovery
specialist
Cardew-Hall Department
proliferation
inaccurate
repository
larger-scale folksonomy
University
commercial
expansion
particular approach
Proceedings
categorization
hypothesis
Cardew-Hall
Shiffrin
Published
Proponents
archives/zeldman-in-the-title
non-specific
bibliography-like information
observing
less-than-ideal
plain-text
Wikipedia encyclopaedia
enormous
consensus vocabulary
September
December
introductory
Lambiotte
Information retrieval
conducted
important
Doctorrow
Delicious
Author-generated
Information Institute
Dynamics
navigation
experimental
unsuitability
Improved annotation
Cardew-Hall generation
large-scale
previously
Technorati3
Magnolia
powerful
Meta-Utopia
community
Unanswered questions
interface
worst-case-scenario
`last-strike
specific questions
interface participants
proportional
Professionals Additional
effective
folksonomy
expensive
non-professionals
horizontal
Explaining
conventional
Australia
last-strike
bookmarking
intention
variation
folksonomy-based
timesaving
Downloaded
assumption
Allowing
convention
Hypertext
subsequent
themselves
sub-cloud
Greenberg
reminding participants
Cardew-Hall Occluded
two-phase
professional bibliography
`suggested
controlled
something
Dangerous
sufficient
Wexelblat
precision
histogram
Individuals
suitability
investigation
`browsing
particular
convergence
Investigating
term-weighting
percentage
Information Technology
subject-related
Robertsin
algorithm
difficult challenge
Percentage Occlusion
characteristic
tag_clouds_a_response
smartness
book-marking
medium-sized organization
Griffith
Technorati
Engineering
individual
exploration
Experimental Psychology
empirical
Keywords
distribution
providing
completing
something specific
blogosphere
Conference
Information
Last-strike
Introduction
inaccessible
Hypermedia
familiarity
depiction
Workshop
strategic acquisition
folksonomy-like
organizational
serendipity
Australian
significant proportion
WWW2006
Correspondence
information
different
participant
advantage
Clicking
discussion
punctuation
incentive
Heidelberg
interested
Cambridge
people-tagging
Interestingly
intellectual equivalence
author-generated keywords
literature
Communication
Questions
collaborative
Cooperative Classification
wonderful
philosophy
collection
specific characterization
feedback mechanism
applications
Retrieval
HighWire
Montenegro
Pietronero
Electronic Environments
whole-ofinternet
co-occurring
Cambridge University
Dieberger
Examining
multi-word
spicific
uncontrolled vocabulary
whenever
Conversely
scientific idea/discovery
popularity
Information Processing
analysis
traditional
hierarchical
Examples
consistency
Chartered Institute
corporate
interested participants
preference
