interpretation
FB-green condition
predoctoral traineeship
accurate
Research
implicit understanding
beliefinduction
AI33431
Department
co-occur
Encounters
Bourguet,2 Jean-Marie
different perceptions
Supporting
superficial
manuscript
Assortative
physiological
Champaign
temporal
Cognition Laboratory
character
FB-yellow condition
representational
sympatric speciation
between-subject
extensive
Guyancourt
healthy-term
Artemisia
correspondence
Environnement
comprehensive
Mindblindness
combination
permission
TB-green condition
15-Month-Old
quantified
expectation
watermelon
Zaitchik
listening
sympatric populations
Illinois
Biodiversite
evolution
host-plant
abstract computational
Sabatier­Toulouse
deficient
violation-of-expectation
Washington
false-belief
alternative interpretation
diverging
Cambridge
Lepidoptera
cognition
crossing
pleiotropy
Baillargeon
laboratory-reared
postzygotic
February
Lembezat
detection
understood
individual
Krogsgaard
nonverbal falsebelief
Baron-Cohen
laboratory
infants_ understanding
Ostrinia
psychology
apparatus
interference
fellowship
following situation
experiment
Boucontet
low-level
International Conference
TB-yellow condition
Participants
conditions
available
supporting
rudimentary
reproductive isolation
SCIENCE
University
attention
Infectious
understanding
longstanding controversy
Gazzaniga
standard
Baillargeon2
cornerstone
fussiness
knowledge
perceptions
excessive linguistic
December
Supported
Lefrancois
Bmaize-Z
practical
Astington
yellow-box condition
Crambidae
Specificity
Konigshofer
antibody
experimental
computational
geographic isolation
Psychology
Copyright
proportion
possessing
Advancement
whatever
unambiguous assignment
appropriate
inattentiveness
analyzing
modified falsebelief
Immunity
so-called Bhop-mugwort-E
additional
Populations
introduction
Baillarguet
insufficient resolution
technical assistance
trademark
Biologie
Kanwisher
Universite
Downloaded
predoctoral fellowship
therefore
Montferrier/Lez
sophisticated
November
modified false-belief
Tomasello
Association
Cognitive Neurosciences
Ponsard1 Although
true-belief
immediate
displacement
environmental
Marie-Therese
interaction
false-belief conditions
Cognition
temporal isolation
nonrepresentational
attentive
familiarization
sympatry
population
belief-induction
Toulouse
related-content
Woodward
assortative
reinforcement
sympatric phytophagous
absolute reproductive
Genetique Microbienne
following
standard false-belief
distribution
HD-21104
photosynthesis
distinguished
pheromone
pheromonal
Information
atypical
Institut
2Department
Hirschfeld
nonverbal
measurement
locations
Representational
Stanford Immunology
phytophagous
Sympatric
Chandler
disappear
Development
information
different
specialization
necessary condition
biogeochemical
Woodruff
mechanism
Understanding
potential
Understand
geographical
green-box condition
nonverbal false-belief
flexible behavioral
Puddington
competence
difficult
development
Recherche
morphological
multiple
Autistic
Recherche Agronomique
Institute
assignment
Sciammas
15-month-old
collection
plausibility
oviposition
HighWire
experimenter
animal_s
quantitative
identical
TByellow condition
by-product
Laboratoire Dynamique
Neuroimage
superficial expectation
children_s understanding
T32MH19990
children_s well-documented
high-resolution
nontarget
analysis
Jean-Marie Cornuet,2
Bontemps,1,3
fundamental
Chambers
differentiation
parsimonious
