neighbors
two-dimensional
similarity
displaying
Graphical
cytoscape
complicated biological
evolutionary conservation
advantage
activation
structural classifica-tion
transcriptional complexes
Metabolic
interactions available
graph-based
Resultant
convenience
biological
Dahlquist
three-dimensional
Fortunately
import/export
Currently
REFERENCES
expressive
PathMAPA
Generating
organisms
Subcellular localization
thickness
PathwayAssist
protein計rotein interactions
high-throughput genetic-based
generegulatory
commercial
understanding
Published
represented
consideration
state-transition
successful visualization
compliance
published
implement
specialize
navigation
DISCUSSION High-throughput
up-to-date
Subcellular
flexibility
microarray experiment
BioSilico
subsequent retrotranslocation
integrating whole-genome
Microsoft
Bioinformatics
theoretical
Supplementary information
International Conference
Postdoctoral Fellowship
standardized
adjacency
Integration
Identifying regulatory
particular
eccentricity
constructing visualizations
isomorphism
Schreiber
mammalian
Conserved
molecular interaction
genetic-based protein計rotein
following
specialized
Conference
significant bioinformatics
correctness
inaccessible
uncovering topological
divide-and-conquer algorithm
Australian
respective
cell-wide
protein要ucleotide interactions
user-driven
CADLIVE
simplicity
ubiquitous
whole-genome expression
connectivity
localization information
molecular interactions
cis-regulatory
horizontal
dynamical
purification
complexity
fundamental
representation
hierarchy
XML-based
existence
concentric
developer
biological interactions
susceptible
highdensity oligo-nucleotide
Emergence
particular scientific
correspondence
interactors
Illustrator
Fruchterman
protein-protein interactions
superfamily
BIOSILICO
Extensions
transparent
Information Visualisation
computational intractability
PathBLAST
composition
customizable
magnitude
importation
subnetwork
data-integrating
preformated
generation
double-stranded
Creatively rephrasing
Structural Classification
small-scale
predefined
restricted
interference
integrative
investigation
quantitative immunopre-cipitation
subcellular localizations
simulation-directed
Representing experimental
evaluation
integrated
biological applications
high-performance
bioregulatory
University
complicated
`snapshot
regulatory
determining
programming
necessary information
manuscript
dual-representation
Cytoscape
over-represented
well-known
inter-compartmental
customization
specificity
pragmatic
publication
introduction
biomolecular interaction
Incorporation
glucocorticoid
fundamental hypothesis
Interviewer
application-specific
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
Protein計rotein interaction
describing molecular
Molecular interaction
translation
preferential
Wilmascope
molecular
preparation
biochemical
PathwayExplorer
distinguished
extracting
addressing
ABSTRACT
Proteomics Standards
cumbersome
unsuitable
transcription
responsible
Congressus Numerantium
alternative graphical
InitiativeMolecular Interactions
complexes
scientific application
simplistic graphical
Caenorhabditis
nucleotide
Processor
Funahashi
BiologicalNetworks
periphery Mitochondrial
popularity
Messinger
duplication
integrating expression
incomplete
Schwobbermeyer
Multi-layered representation
multi-user environment
Biochemical
Standards InitiativeMolecular
availability
topological
Biochemistry
Hierarchical
rule-based generation
CellDesigner
multi-user
Pajek苔nalysis
subcellular localization
large-scale systems-wide
processes
sub-cellular localization
Computational representation
architecture
Ashburner
monochromatic
biological processes
integrating molecular
so-called `ball-and-stick
individual
user-interface
GridLayout
visualize
interacting
INTRODUCTION
different algorithm
cooperation
consecutive
discovery
available
interfaces
scalability
force-directed
efficiency
Matrixexplorer
additional bioinformatics
ChIP-Chip
Helicobacter
circumference
tractable
scale-free
protein計rotein interaction
connection
attributes
expression
cell-cycle
amenability
characterization
`behavior
community
dimensional
Chatr-aryamontri
applicability
complementary representation
localization visualization
domain-specific knowledge
interactive exploration
Functional dissection
tremendous
RNAi-based
Permissions
generating
corresponding
Schwikowski
sufficient
protein-small
Longabaugh
PATIKAweb
representative
Consequently
countless
Hermjakob
difficult challenge
highthroughput expression
Supplementary
optimization
compactness
Stromback
facilitate visualizations
International Symposium
high-quality visualizations
Furthermore
comparative
Genome-wide
Intelligent
different
Molecular INTeraction
visualizing regulatory
unfortunate
modification
molecular complexes
development
literature
available available
comprehensive
third-party
automation
normalization
predefined clustering
cytosolic
framework
experimental biological
incapable
Systematic identification
user-assisted
regulatory information
non-trivial
Visualization
importing/exporting
underlying
collaborative construction
visualizaton
alignment
visualization
interesting biological
guaranteed
improvement
available biological
High-throughput experimental
spring-embedder
protein計rotein/protein要ucleotide interactions
statistical challenges
`topology
hybridization
Boehringer
black-box
Unfortunately
biologists
FEATURE
organellar
information visualization
unification
intersection
necessary
Computing
Cytos-cape
obtaining 3-dimensional
informative
systematic comparison
metabolic
graph-theoretic
developmental
describing
WebInterViewer
integration
contributing
connecting
periphery
expressing
non-profit
integrated visualization
limitations
accessing
repository
large-scale biochemical
equivalent
equillibrium
Breitkreutz
Proceedings
properties
differential regulation
constraint
simulation
time-dependent
insufficient
Expression monitoring
computational tractability
communication
obtaining
functional
appropriate
involvement
Navigating
significant visualization
clustering
straight-line
simulator
Echeverri
Force-directed
threshhold
Biotechnol
BioTapestry
potassium
differences
sophisticated
`sufficiently
knockdown
hierarchical
incorporation
convenient trade-off
node/edge
graphical complexity
protein-protein interaction
interaction visualization
three-dimensional visualizations
exploration
highlight
Simulating
co-located
universal
influence
graphical
largescale probabilistic
chromosome
Visualizing biological
completeness
application
functionality
Discovery
vocabulary
visualizing highthroughput
cell-wide interaction
resolution
