represent
PCRamplified
Amplification
AF538716
4Department
between-linkage
AAQA01000097
biomedical
multicellular
Potential Wolbachia-host
Carlow,5
blindness
Pristonchus pacificus
amplified
nematodes
grimshawi
Potential Wolbachia-to-host
Schobel,2
Supporting
mellifera
Onchocerca
prokaryotic ribosomal
knowledge
microarray
SEPTEMBER
Wolbachia insertion
proportion
ES659088
Mendelian
containing homology
DS239377
endosymbionts
Although
AAQA01000369
extensive
DS238272
Saunders,13
additional sequenced
hybridization
correspondence
Wolbachia endosymbiont
longicornis
permission
widespread prevalence
Dirofilaria
evolution
accession
Sequencing
unimportant
Callosobruchus chinensis
uncommon
arrangement
Incorporated
sequencing
Komuniecki,11
heritable
Wolbachiacured
DS239291
Engineering Fellowship
WD_0484
EF611872
EF426679
assemblies
parasitic
Washington
identified
Chovnick
crustacean
superphylum Ecdysozoa
Insertion
retroelements
mitochondrial
Wolbachia infecting
fertility
Crabtree,2
Screening
ananassae
WD_0024
protein-coding
Rochester
aspartate aminotransferase
reference
metabolic
undetectable
contiguous
Schatz,2
Crawford,6
prediction
Anopheles
bacteriovorous
AAQA01001500
Shepard,1
insertion
Nakayama
phagotrophic unicellular
laboratory
bacterial
wholegenome sequencing
Sluder,19 Katherine
developmental
autosomal inheritance
Shumway,2
DS239057
repository sequences
plasmid-derived whole-genome
Pittsburgh
Tribolium castaneum
scaffold
Salzberg,2
ananassae chromosome
Southeast
identification
melanogaster Wolbachia
whole-genome
McReynolds,10 Makedonka
foundation
Steffen-Campbell
complement
discovery
available
supporting
EF588901
Indonesia
assembly
artificial chromosome
repository
Eubacteria
SCIENCE
University
Wolbachia-free
Infectious
sequences Acyrthosiphon
EF588824
Comparative
eukaryotic
amplification
Makedonka Mitreva,16
sechellia
separation
Published
Delcher,2
Parkinson,18
invertebrate
meaningful
free-living
comparison
propidium
qRT-PCR
segregated
Wolbachia aspartate
El-Sayed,2§
Doolittle
Greenleaf
Junctions
Fragments
published
vitripennis
Dimmic,6
Townsville
high-resolution
Lustigman,15
experimental
functions
interdomain
willistoni
intracellular
Stouthamer
DrosophilaWolbachia
Copyright
inclusion
eukaryote
Intracellular
Advancement
REPORTS
tetratrico
Providence
dye-labeled
end-sequencing
Therefore
sequences
Strausbaugh
Widespread
Wolbachia-host
Katherine Smith,11
pathogenicity
arthropod
Ganatra,5
Daub,7||
transcript
prokaryote
eukaryotic posttranscriptional
trademark
Lindblom,8
Downloaded
assumption
development
characterized eukaryotic
available assembly
Fraser-Liggett,2¶
elephantiasis
conservation
bacterial sequences
WD_0336
assessment
mutualistic relationship
Association
treatment
different invertebrate
Wolbachia infection
Abbondanzieri
maintenance
Unnasch,21
Rockville
Andersson
genes/Mb
Blaxter,7
chromosomal
Wortman,2
illuminate
endosymbiont
Schematics
heartworm
Tomkins,5
pseudoobscura
Ingram,3
EF611985
Guiliano,3
molecular
Parasitic nematodes
alphaproteobacterial endosymbiont
DS237653
ArrayExpress
immunodominant
ancestral
SCIENCE determination
long-range
antibiotic-cured
important tissue-specific
prokaryote-to-eukaryote
Wolbachia
following
DS239028
acquisition
multicellular eukaryotes
well-annotated
Information
independent BAC-based
Nutman,17
2Department
Richards,6
Williams,13
Furthermore
Matsuura
Oliveira,2
Gregory,7
Peregrín-Alvarez,1 Catherine
DS238705
AAQA01000736
degenerate
comparative
Laney,13
AAQA01000571
McCarter,6,16
Angiuoli,2
retrotransposon insertions
chromosome
DS239315
information
unicellular eukaryotes
Fischer,4
Organisms identified
transcription
Ishmael,1
mechanism
duplications
successful
AAQA01001952
potential
Pediculus
Drosophila melanogaster
significance
Heilemann
widespread
Stanke,20
within-linkage
difficult
3Molecular Parasitology
independent
gene-coding
literature
chromosomes
AAQA01001819
Institute
molecular diversity
Ghedin,1,2
Tettelin,1¶
containing
Heintzmann
Ghedin,1,7
corresponding endosymbiont
polymerase
mojavensis
transloca-
Fluorescence microscopy
eukaryotes
parasitism
identical
AAQA01000384
AAQA01000425
nucleotide
annotation
Baltimore
antibiotic resistance
Feldblyum,2
supporting Wolbachia/host
AAQA01001498
Washington University
fluorescein-labeled
Williams,7
Multicellular
Caenorhabditis
containing Wolbachia
Tinnefeld
Miranda-Saavedra,4
Wolbachia sequences
AAQA01000958
offspring
quantitative
geographic
A-TIGR-28
Johnson,9
