similarity
computation
Gene-balanced duplications
acyl-tRNA
synthetic
tree-assisted
acyl-tRNA biosynthesis
substantial neofunctionalization
Mechanisms
analogous
Identifying
confounding
replication
functional categories
described11
concatenating
Cladistics
Transcriptional
Non-TATA
applicable
assignments
gene-bootstrap confidence
biological
Migration/specialization
expression divergence
neofunctionalization11
consistent
HMMSEARCH
PombeDB21
reconciliation
Cryptococcus
apparatus
thickness
mitochondrion
experiment
non-volatile orthogroups
phosphatase
reconstruction
subtracting
chromosome-based
Volatility
cisregulatory
respectively
hierarchical clustering
AACM00000000
species43
Distribution
technical
Surprisingly
throughput
procedure
cerevisiae transcriptional
overwhelming importance
inference
orthogroup
YLR223C-16000 YLR223C-14993
`soundness
database59
Transcriptional regulatory
confidence
Duplication
AACD00000000
Bioinformatics
exhaustive
Estimating significance
Aspergillus
Extensive association
graminearum
interaction
Encyclopedia
particular
Expression
metabolism Ribonuclear
RNA-binding
haploinsufficiency39
abundance
mechanistic dichotomy
paralogues Systematic
Initiative
following
overexpression44
Orthogroups
reconstructed
information
respective
redundancy
castellii
Pyrimidine metabolism
reconstruction algorithm
attachment
Sequencing
Single-cell
complexes38
description
Euascomycota
Bootstrap
collection
pre-computed
Organelle
biosynthesis Pyrimidine
AACU00000000
molecular interactions
cis-regulatory
meaningful
annotation
AACF00000000
functional hierarchy
overexpression
recombination
Database14
bootstrap
Database12
Database13
bipolarity
Phosphate/sulphate
Nucleolus Spliceosome
carbohydrate metabolism
evolutionary
hierarchy
persistent orthogroups
responsive
hypergeometric distribution
regulatory utilization
difference
manuscript
paralogues45
inspecting
volatility
Archeascomycota
evolutionary dichotomy
correspondence
YLR223C-14993 YLR223C-17022
significant similarity
haploinsufficiency
accomplishing molecular
hypothetical orthogroups
Lipoprotein metabolism
reconstructed orthogroups
reasonable
pleiotropy
tetraploidy
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
AADM01000000
financial
dichotomy
generation
abundance41
recognizable
ARTICLES ditions34
orthogroups
copy-number
Construction
cerevisiae transcription
biosynthesis Replication
Pyridoxine metabolism
University
divergence
difficulty
homologous
replication initiation
chromosomal
regulatory
Oxidoreductase
Friedman4
beginning
Cambridge
pathway/genome databases
intermediate orthogroups
expression pattern37
September
Phylogenetic
modularity
whole-genome duplication
YDR223W-4579 YDR223W-4085
probability
complexes60
fitness44
suggests4
specificity
constructing
homologues
AABZ01000000
bottom-up
endoplasmic reticulum
regulation
hypothetical
Proteasome Proteasome
Saccharomyces castellii
KLLA0A08932g Kwal17541
graminearum Sequencing
molecular
Farach-Colton
Statistical benchmark
predictable
KLLA0F13222g
Orthogroup
reconstructing
beneficial
biochemical
lipolytica
unchanged
Herschlag
genome-wide reconstruction
Przytycka
orthology assignment
Development
Aryl-alcohol dehydrogenase
Scientific Interface
micro-macroevolutionary
transcription
Nucleobase transport
Hemiascomycota Ascomycota
Analysing
Functional discovery
bioinformatics/bmt193
`ancestral
intermediate behaviour
significant
AABX00000000
regulatory specialization
Massachusetts Institute
transcription factors48
ARTICLES
described33
considered
calculated
haploinsufficient
hierarchical
high-throughput
principle
subsequent
duplication
SAGA-TFIID
cerevisiae-based
Kwal11573 DEHA0E18865g
Stress/starvation
inconsistent
participate
Coordinated
availability
Supplementary Information
principal
genome-wide catalogue
knowledge
shuffling
functional divergence
proportion
Endomembrane
Modularization
biogenesis
Nevertheless
morphological
expectation
AABY01000000
longpostulated importance
Halldorsson
YALI0E26873g
processes
sporulation
Kwal17541 DEHA0C16533g
analytical framework
Cytoplasmic ribosomal
architecture
CR382121­ CR382126
Ashburner
Magnaporthe
biological processes
sensitivity
individual
Comprehensive
Felsenstein
non-uniform orthogroup
identification
whole-genome
reconstructed functional
available
comparable
Neurospora
complementary
biosynthesis
Whole-genome duplication
eukaryotic
hypothesis
Otherwise
orthogroup volatility
neofunctionalization
contribution
estimation
expression
subfunctionalization11
innovations
adaptation
sequences
bootstrap-based confidence
trajectory
vertebrate
Essential-rich
Lagergren
correction
phylogenetic
corresponding
stoichiometric
Essential-not
interaction neighbourhood
systematic
Conflicting phylogenetic
reciprocal
CAGL0G00748g
empirical
Supplementary
evaluating
Estimating functional
characterizing
functional innovations
Translation initiation
Nonetheless
Furthermore
annotation/fgi/
Ascomycota
`molecular
AACO01000000
polyploid
comparative
paralogous
Correspondence
different
orthogroup catalogue
specialization
Sonnhammer
microarray
`ribosome biogenesis
modification
soundness
difficult
development
independent
orthology assignments
Sporulation Transcription
Institute
comprehensive
Hemiascomycota
`biological
neighbor-joining
normalization
compendium
transcription complexes42
dehydrogenase Extracellular
sub-trees
orthologous
Technology
genome-wide housekeeping
annotation hierarchy
Mitochondrial
functional dichotomy
consistency
unification
Jerusalem
Evolutionary characterization
significant array­gene
Conclusions
`branch-bootstrap
proximity
consistent assignments
biochemical divergence
alternative
alignment
promoter48
Functional conservation
Divergence
biochemical interaction
degree-preserving
Acknowledgements
reconstructing phylogenetic
YDR223W-4085 YDR223W-4559
Deutschbauer
AACQ00000000
phylogeny
Phylogeny Inference
`fundamental processes
Cytoskeleton organization
Fundamental processes
Evolutionary
necessary
Computing
growth-related
maximum-likelihood
starvation
`disjoint paralogue
Non-membrane-binding organelle
protein-coding
`completeness
hierarchical annotation
Copy-number
Arabidopsis
Distinguishing homologous
transport
`division
neighbour-joining procedure
`development
orthogroup evolutionary
Organellar
repression
Massachusetts
hydroxyurea
TFIID/SAS
scientific
Functional orthogroup
processing
Burroughs
substitution
simultaneous duplications
`gene-bootstrap
fumigatus
modularization
comparison
constraint
TATA-independent
Orthology assignment
YLR223C-17022 CAGL0C00759g
computational
AACA01000000
functional
stress-responsive
Weinberger
speciation
provisional orthology
metabolism Fundamental
biochemical networks46
gene/species
Enrichment significance
Ontology36 hierarchy
Affymetrix
`cellular
Migration/novel
Persistent
construction
control43
Genolevures15
step-wise
high-quality
post-genome
Genomes58
Engineering
log-probability
predominant evolutionary
distribution
5Department
Statistical enrichment
transcriptional
Publishing
contribute
opportunistic
accounting
single-gene knockouts40
evolutionary innovation
duplications
occasional
essentiality
Pre-processing
Reconstructed evolutionary
pre-duplication organization
Phylogeny reconstruction
orthology
differential flexibility
subfunctionalization
ecological
YALI0E28600g
Identification
stress-related
transporter
Wapinski1,2,3
Principles
simultaneous duplication
regulatory divergence
paralogue
Mann­Whitney
resolution
enrichment
