reactive nitrogen
dissolution
Foundation
amplification
equivalence
Parallel
Wolf-Gladrow
nitrogen fixation
gas-phase
difference
ecobiogeochemistry
Reference
ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENCES
Cameron-Smith
water-column denitrification
biological
original atmospheric
Schlesinger
vertical redistribution
anthropogenic nitrogen
approximation
nanoplankton
Townsend
Calcifiers
Available
National Aeronautics
Honolulu
EDGAR­HYDE inventory
particulate
Houghton
exchange
alkaline
Biogeochem
nitrogen deposition
deposition
Tilbrook
respiration
Oceanogr
Inorganic
potential alkalinity
Technology
atmospheric precipitation
anthropogenic CO2-driven
Menemenlis
marginal
Perturbations
decrease
inorganic
Model-estimated anthropogenic
positive
negative
Vorosmarty
Blackmon
nutrient fertilization
rainfall
Processes
emission
everywhere
particular
¶Department
equation
determining
Hauglustaine
Present-day
Haidvogel
biological drawdown
atmospheric transport
present-day
absolute
terrestrial
Ocean-only
Bullister
biogeochemistry nutrient
chemical
Meteorol
cumulative atmospheric
Technical
Bretherton
coal-fired
response
effective
Dissolution
Community
carbonic
Feedbacks
atmospheric residence
Geochemistry Department
alkalinity biogeochemistry
drawdown
agricultural
National Laboratory
anthropogenic alkalinity
Scientific
temporal
determine seawater
production
Community Atmospheric
Kulshrestha
correspondence
Balkanski
fixation
quadratic wind-speed
Analysis
seawater carbonate
preindustrial atmospheric
SUSTAINABILITY SCIENCE
magnitude
conflict
Mahowald
Perturbation
Jean-Francois Lamarque
livestock husbandry
Atmospheric nitrogen
Mackenzie¶
reasonable approximation
agriculture
small-scale
phytoplankton functional
Weathers
quantify
research
increase
carbonate alkalinity
nutrient utilization
Galloway
University
Aardenne
Historical
calcareous
atmospheric deposition
temperature
Cambridge
September
Anthropogenic nitrogen
National
Integrated anthropogenic
Elsevier
Uncertainties
ammonia­sulfate
Brasseur
Horowitz
planktonic
feedbacks
foraminifera
Increased
perturbations
observations
coralline
subsurface remineralization
Isotopes
Andersson
Kinetics
environmental
Emissions
sulfuric
secondorder biological
Atmosphere Ecosystem
amplitude
Deep-Sea
Northwest
Terrestrial
alkalinity inventory
Arblaster
locations
NNG05GG30G
substantial
concentration
Acidification
Biogeochemistry
vulnerable
first-order
Jaworski
majority
Seawater
potential
multiple
opposite
state-of-the-art
Printing
significant
Oceanographic Institution
Nakicenovic
salinity
Climatic
Amsterdam
atmosphere
Atmospheric Research
Jacobson
alkalinity perturbation
Atmospheric Administration
northern
Environmental Prediction
reactive
Deposition
Biological feedbacks
SCIENCES SUSTAINABILITY
ecosystem­ biogeochemical
dominant
biogeochemical
biological nitrogen
nitrogen fertilization
detrital
Weatherly
Washington
Seitzinger
Mackenzie
freshwater
reference
Driscoll
sensitivity
Handbook
subsequent acidification
combustion
Stoddard
available
variability
comparable
Conception
nitrification
meridional
anthropogenic deposition
calcifying
Dynamics
Discussion
seawater alkalinity
nutrient eutrophication
denitrification
McWilliams
Berelson
EAR02-23509
acid/base chemistry
downwind deposition
estimate anthropogenic
§Pacific
Sedimentary
-supported
downwind
Academic
Previous modeling
Prediction reanalysis
alkalinity reduction
Princeton University
transformation
Cleveland
atmospheric neutralization
Additional
alkalinity perturbations
ORNL/CDIAC-74
lifetime
rainwater
different
productivity
Nitrification
Biogeochemical
elevated
sediment denitrification
reagents/analytic
Emissions Scenarios
satellite
comprehensive
numerical
conversion
calcification
Eickhout
Mauzerall
chemistry
12-m-thick
Richland
Similarly
Abbreviations
temperate Northern
complete nitrification
Atmospheric Chemistry
Northern Hemisphere
dissociation
atmospheric nitrogen
Although
Assuming complete
Mikaloff Fletcher
zooplankton
Preindustrial
physical/ecological/ biogeochemical
nitrogen inventory
acid/base
Precipitation Assessment
particle
Berntsen
Gnanadesikan
downward
Environmental Laboratory
anthropogenic atmospheric
Alkalinity sources/sinks
indirect
NCAR/TN-460
conservative
Danabasoglu
low-resolution
equivalent
pressure
fCorganic
Krishnamurthy
fAlknitrif
Chemistry
comparison
limitation
simulation
ATM06-28582
ammonium deposition
Intergovernmental
pollution
inclusion
water-column
integral
Approximately
Equilibrium
additional
Lawrence
Dentener
fraction
GC05-285
preferential biological
Wanninkhof
dry-deposited
circulation
Dutkiewicz
exploration
preindustrial
acid/base dissociation
Oceanography
ecosystem responses
one-third
evidence
subtropical
physical
Observed
alkalinity deposition
oxygenated
Atlantic
Woodwell
acidification
anthropogenic fAlknitrif
ammonium
important
Michaels
explicit nitrogen
phosphorus
Principles
Springer
seawater chemistry
Buishand
