spatiotemporal
Compression
similarity
Physiological
Research
Research Institute
Dexterous
Assuming
Department
Molecular
Massimini
Ghilardi
circular platform
different compression
Plasticity
conduction
technique
proportion
Histogram
contralateral hemisphere
extensive
Cross-correlations
Pennartz
correspondence
technical consulting
corticospinal
permission
Csicsvari
activation
consolidation
Analysis
Recording
cerebellar
hippocampus-dependent
Fast-Forward Playback
Tsukada,2,5
SOKENDAI
synaptic
necessary
NS020331
Washington
visuomotor-related
specific
contralesional
Time-Dependent
Advanced
McNaughton
activity
dexterity
eight-element sequence
Schirmer
task-induced
motionlessness
ipsilateral
functional compensation
ensemble activity
intrinsic processing
reactivation
strongest
crosscorrelation
manipulable four-conductor
independent analytical
prefrontal
NOVEMBER
eurorehabilitation
Developmental Physiology
off-line rehearsal
plasticity
transient impairment
subsequent
recording equipment
Margoliash
repetitive sequence
postoperative
sequential
prelimbic
approach
participation
available
variability
Frankland
hippocampus
Supporting
scanning
SCIENCE
University
succession
nonexistent
hypothesis
dexterous
Bontempi
Multiple
longitudinal information
Isa1,2,6 Transection
firing-rate
interneuronal
limitation
3Functional
Peigneux
neocortical
experimental apparatus
December
replaying
Morichika,1
within­theta
Reactivation
Quantification
connection
long-term
quantitative behavioral
high-resolution
Weingartner
O'Reilly
cellpair firing-rate
preoperative
Strength
Copyright
Sequences
discontinuous
Advancement
coincidence
motor-related
memory-guided
Therefore
6Graduate University
proportional
throughout
Perfiliev,4
behavioral evaluation
Hirotaka Onoe,2,3
compression
Evolutional
slowwave activity
Przybyslawski
trademark
Consolidation
stimulation
Downloaded
Neuralynx recording
intraparietal
spikes/bin
mid-cervical
Neuroscience
Analyses
best-fit regression
consistent
Association
Neurological Disorders
Kudrimoti
corresponding
Estimating compression
sufficient
pharmacological inactivation
MH046823
precision
construction
particular
Psychiatry
injection
Takehara
independence
cerebellum
Dexterity
subcortical
extremity
Takehara-Nishiuchi
cingulate
cross-correlation
References
Takashima
following
distribution
pre-task
Information
averaging
Furthermore
contribute
replaying behavioral
corticomotoneuronal
post-task
Eichenbaum
Göteborg
coincident
tomography
sensorimotor
McClelland
Kawaguchi
Division
different
sensitive
cell-pair
Compensatory Mechanisms
cumulative
task-related
mechanism
implicating
memory-consolidation
electrical
reversible pharmacological
adjacent
Biophysics
Hamamatsu Photonics
movements
cortico-motoneuronal
conclusion
perimeter
Research Laboratory
attenuation
information
Institute
behavioral
Hillsdale
collection
simultaneous recording
important
Technology
Kawahara
Activity
neocortex
Hippocampus
structure
Scoville
Stickgold
bilateral
episodic
hippocampal
Kaczmarek
Consistent
Explained
departure
analysis
mediating retrieval
accelerated
Examples
correlation
Prefrontal
subsequent performance
retrieval
Menzaghi
