represent
computational analysis
accurate catalogs
Experimental Evidence
Marshall
examining
accurate
sequence alignment
valuable
different developmental
Indels/kb
stringent
frequency
Assuming
Department
Vinckenbosch
repetitive sequence
represent alternative
Appendix
Alignment
homology
additional mammalian
MACAQUE Cumulative
Carninci
Schroeder
similarity
proportion
additional proteincoding
non-protein-coding transcripts
ever-larger
GC-content
biomedical
Although
inventions
Lassmann
downstream
nucleotide substitution
mammalian protein-coding
correspondence
accurate analysis
high-coverage sequence
differentiation
Identifying
spurious
important biological
thorough reanalysis
possible
Mikkelsen
Consortium
framework
Hepcidin precursor
preparing
upstream
sequencing
difference
evolutionary innovation
Experimental
distinctive evolution
Human-specific paralogs
ortholog ENST00000
excluding
identifying
reference sequence
Goodstadt
differential
Represent Protein-Coding
identified
mitochrondrial chromosome
Brubaker
biological implication
pseudogene sequence
conclusion
inspection
essential
Ballester
Intelligence Laboratory
protein-coding
Cunningham
neighborhood
sequence
human-only
Sequencing Consortium
sensitivity
Contributed
Specifically
translating
mammalian proteincoding
systematic sequencing
Together
insertion
ferocious
attributable
Functional retroposons/pseudogenes
noncoding transcripts
primate-specific
meaningful evolutionary
ENSG00000105
protein-coding transcripts
Skaletsky
orthology
identification
Kuroda-Kawaguchi
reporting experimental
innovation
mitochondrial chromosome
boundary
approach
University
Kaessmann
available
unambiguous
catalogs
evaluating
complementary
importance
confusion
coorthology
Combining
divergence
confidence
rigorous catalogs
Kulbokas
finished assembly
Hepcidin
counterparts
sequence conservation
low-coverage sequence
Combined
Dupanloup
open-reading
properties
Characterizing
additional
comparison
Cambridge
GENETICS
§Whitehead Institute
frame-preserving
conserved protein-coding
uncertainty
One-third
counterpart
propagation
identifying transcripts
mass-spectrometric
functional protein-coding
invalidity
published
collection
homologous
orthologous sequence
represent primate-specific
Technology
experimental
Information
multiexon
filtering
transposable
classification
large-scale
inspecPNAS December
Discussion
chromosomal
obtaining
functional
ExonExon
segmental duplication
DUF1220
addressed
Tatusova
Flowchart
transposon underwent
thorough reevaluation
transposonderived sequence
protein-coding conservation
Kasukawa
threshold
sequence divergence
annotated
HEPCIDIN PRECURSOR
aligning
acceptor
scientific justification
generation
evolutionary differences
California
structure
Lander*§¶
Matthews
percentage
EnProtein
Nucleotide
consistent
substitution frequency
graphical
alternative hypothesis
corresponding
whatsoever
nonmatchDog
represent nonlocal
Preliminary analysis
distribution
validity
repertoire
ancestral mammalian
armadillo
high-GC
prodigious
considerable
Nierlich
evolutionary conservation
abundance
¶Department
high-quality
single-exon
surrounding
challenge
Drosophila
ancestral
large-scale alignment
Karlsson
nonconserved
invention
Conservation
Miscellaneous artifacts
December
identical
situation
transcripts
Acceptor
Griffiths-Jones
principled methodology
Ortholog
Cumulative frequency
Kapranov
studying cross-speSynteny
Trevanion
additional protein-coding
correction
represent protein-coding
human-specific
manuscript
substantial
computational protocol
unlikely
liver-expressed antimicrobial
comparative
inspection identified
important challenge
paralogous
Limitations
information
different
recognizable
Lindblad-Toh
reading-frame conservation
Strikingly
studying
frameshifting
transcript-derived
indistinguishable
two-base
majority
relatives
Computer
criterion
elephant
Improving
mathematical expectation
underwent exaptation
equivocal
potential
segmental
independent
orthologs
case-by-case
noncoding
paralogs
Institute
reporting
paralogy
Retroposons/pseudogenes
Katayama
consistency
important
chimpanzee
Segmental duplication
included
Schuster-Bockler
discernable
transcript
annotation
Massachusetts Institute
by-product
ortholog
underwent independent
resemble
substantial proportion
spurious occurrences
gene-rich
Orthologous
conservation properties
analysis
Description
scientific literature
principle
Pyntikova
Chromosome
fundamental
subsequent
Biomedical Research
assistance
Artificial Intelligence
