similarity
Multi-input
Kuruvilla
Zeitlinger,1
Supporting
developmental regulator
environment
straightforward
functional categories
Experimental
biological
accumulation
Transcriptional Regulatory
immunoprecipitation experiments
nevertheless consistent
Department
Long-Range Transmission
bacterial
metabolic networks
Jelinsky
metabolic regulator
assistance
expressed
consequent
reconstruction
Escherichia
Young1,2
pseudohyphal
supporting
Foundation
compilation
understanding
deposition
selective
Distribution
closed-loop structure
different regulators
Thompson,1
extensive literature
procedure
Technology
repressor
Iwashima
Genome-wide distribution
organismal development
addressed
Pasadena
Evaluation
conventional
regulator-promoter
regulatory architecture
remainder
Orphanides
transcriptional regulator
introducing
Baboukas
emission
high-confidence threshold
transient
microarray-based
Programme
Schreiber
following
appropriate insertion
2Department
Terragni
coordinate expression
present-day
information
discussion
activator
genome-wide
description
analysis experiment
polymerase
Kawasaki
computational approach
eukaryotic cellular
algorithms
expression programs
Benjamin Gordon,1
Hermann-Le
ARTICLES transport
computational analysis
feedback
thresholds
stability
Mihalopoulos
experimental information
immunoblot analysis
Copyright
temporal
multistep ultrasensitivity
immunoblot
correspondence
combination
Single-input
Natarajan
profound
cellular functions
Processes DNA/RNA/Protein
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
physiologic
weighted
Washington
autoregulation
frequency
DNA/RNA/Protein Biosynthesis
Shen-Orr
Institute
suggesting
University
gene-specific chromatin
likelihood
Additional information
Cambridge
September
high-resolution
probability
randomized
metabolic processes
transcription apparatus
transcriptional programs
Significance
single-input regulatory
Downloaded
chromatin immunoprecipitation
regulation
construct
Environmental
Regulators
Computational Molecular
percentage
expression experiments
Association
Koshland
Database
environmental
Moye-Rowley
Nishimura
Rosenfeld
structures
intergenic
regulator
Lelieveld
Rotstayn
Regulatory Networks
Information
extensive genome-wide
alongside
Bar-Joseph,3
YJL206C
concentration
specific regulatory
ARTICLES YJL206C
transcription
responsible
cerevisiae associate
genome-wide expression
chromatin-modifying
respective regulators
sequence
significant
Bar-Joseph
Spellman
Massachusetts Institute
stringency
observation
Whitehead Institute
biosynthetic apparatus
principle
nonspecific
anthropogenic
Feedforward
phenomenon
genomewide
Volkert,1
multicomponent
autoregulated
Reinberg
threshold
Francois
availability
knowledge
Chromatin immunoprecipitation
Jennings,1,2
permission
expectation
coordinating
secondary
evolution
Biosynthesis YJL206C
approach
Mediterranean
architecture
single-input
analytical
automatic
MPI-Report
Galitski
coordinate transcriptional
constructing
California Institute
individual
protein-DNA
Gerber,3
capacity
multi-input
Costanzo
International Conference
progress
conditions
available
functional category
transcriptional regulation
importance
Thieffry
biosynthesis
Supported
prokaryotic
ribosome biosynthesis
sensitive
specific regulators
expressed epitope-tagged
ColladoVides
expression
experimental
Monitoring
Murray,1
Burroughs Wellcome
Metabolism YJL206C
Bracknell
trademark
Wolberger
involved ribosomal
transcriptional regulatory
transcriptional regulators
Thuriaux
Carvajal
atmospheric
related-content
defining
RESEARCH ARTICLES
pheromone
Additional
transcriptional activity
Developmental Processes
Genome-wide
Autoregulation
information necessary
Goldbeter
attention involved
Harbison,1,2
Computer
underestimate
previous experimental
difficult
independent
OCTOBER
promoters
possible
Laboratory
positives
Biosynthesis Environmental
analysis
regulating
Examples
Kobayashi
stringent
Pokholok
alternative
Pollutants
Wyrick,1§ Jean-Bosco
Temperature
feedforward
cellular processes
Jaakkola
potential
hybridization
Hannett,1 Christopher
previous knowledge
Regulator
bistable
regulator-gene
specific
arbitrary
starvation
legitimate regulator-DNA
Roeckner
searching
additional regulators
recognition
multiple transcriptional
Bioessays
Perez-Rueda
SCIENCE
Nicholson
confidence
ill-defined
Fraenkel,1
epitope-tagged regulator
December
simulation
HighWire
eukaryotes
Gifford,3
Transcriptional regulators
Knowledge
inclusion
Advancement
Experiment
Identification
false-positive
additional
Systematic genome-wide
detectable
exposure
metabolism
synthesis
regulatorDNA
Bengtsson
eukaryote Saccharomyces
epitope-tagged regulators
Johnston
Research Technical
considerable
Assembling
circulation
nucleating
Coordination
regulatory networks
Introduction
one-third
Hampshire
Mathematics
Goldewijk
probabilistic assessment
Meteorology
important
pheromone-responsive
multiple regulators
building
algorithm
Biomedical Research
