Plotkin*
evolutionary
Fifty-three
Speci®city
Wellcome
`Relevant
dif®cult
selection
referring
Assuming
threshold
Herbivory
structure24
Grooming
Birdsong
non-zero
Foundation
disturbance
Light-gap
everything
Muller-Landau
Similarly
event-rate
physiological
uniqueness
production
condition
con®dence
herbivory
Acknowledgements
non-random
Valladares
Received
Evolution
Netherlands
density-
advantage
spurious
equilibrium
activation
evolution
approximate threshold
coexistence
Charitable
inhibition
syntactic understanding
emergence
Krakauer
encounter
Numerical validation
Seedling survival
photosynthetic
Humboldt
implying
evaluation
Functional
Recruitment
surinamensis
non-syntactic
Calderon
arbitrary
Transitions
downward
speci®ed
Lectures
essential
Jackendoff
recruitment limitation
apposition
Carrasco
occurrence
oscillation
Non-syntactic communication
estimates
otherwise non-syntactic
Tropical
recruitment
individual
Handbook
approximative analytical
Department
proportional
expressive
mathematical analysis
Jovanovich
Language Development
Szathmary
interacting
discrete
Wageningen
conservative
Institute
individuals
excitatory
Massachusetts
necessary conditions
`relevant communication
tolerance
Advanced
Holloway
constructive criticism
inhibitory
Eberhard
language evolution
artefactual
importance
respectively
University
Documentation
communicate
Neotropical
possibility
Plant±Animal
complicated
excellent agreement
axo-dendritic
Augspurger
object±action
calculate
Mathematical
limitation
interaction
Psychobiology
language
December
word-learning
transition
nonverbal
neotropical
dispersal
glutamatergic excitatory
Smithsonian Institution
continuous analogue
calculating
Dynamics
Janzen±Connell
frequent
Architecture
mathematical
®nancial
Masachusetts
adjacent seedling
Knowledge
probability
Marchman
Lieberman
seed±recruit relationship
magnitude
appropriate
inequality
medium-sized
darwinian
elementary
impossible
straight
g-aminobutyric
Diversity
additional
tropical rainforest
non-syntactic communication
addition
Mitchell
Problems
territorial
Agricultural Publication
tropical
Environmental
Approaches
Host-speci®city
maintenance
November
Physiology
Cambridge
conspeci®c
pervasive
Glutamate spillover
diversity
Behavioural Determinants
Language
Princeton
Pennsylvania
Intellectual Development
diversity-related
Philadelphia
repertoire
deciduous
Oecologia
Cognition
Fernandes
Macmillan Magazines
Harcourt
Herbivores
modulating
population
abundance
approximation
Linguistic Variability
Orientation
reproductive
characterize
compositional
challenge
Krasnegor
Approximation
frequency
Communication
Houghton-Mif¯in
Throughout
predation
Initiatives
Presumably
cerebellar glomerulus
Syntactic
syntactic communication
dependence
numerical
Blackwell
equilibrium frequency
analytical approach
formulation
corresponding
threshold condition
regression
Bickerton
Galauter
Correspondence
different
non-syntactic language
frequency distribution
distance-to-adult
Survival
excellent approximation
Nevertheless
potential
depression
elephant
performance
successful word-learning
parameter
Studdert-Kennedy
folivorous
development
independent
February
syntactic language
Gradwell
notational simplicity
Lewinson
Dispersal
possible
allocation
vocalization
important
-releasing inhibitory
mechanical
Biological
mathematical framework
meaningful
contribution
structure
grammatical
Metabotropic glutamate
required
activating presynaptic
`spillover
plausible assumption
Observed
seed-attacking
Individuals
Kitajima
prerequisite
representation
synaptic
Pugnaire
Activation
Seyfarth
