Transcriptase
circuitry
comprehensive analysis
Tomlinson
Department
cerevisiae promoters
possible contribution
Jennings
intrinsic preference
Takahashi
cerevisiae a-factor
Oda-Ishii
TF-binding
difference
Systematic discovery
specific differences
Predicted configuration
biological
expression divergence
Interacting
pseudohyphal-related
consistent
Currently
prediction
STE12-binding
Percentage
Detection
stressful
Pasteur­Weizmann
up/downregulation
expressed
experiment
analysis a-Factor
AttributionNoncommercial-Share
Categories
pseudohyphal
respectively
best-characterized regulatory
Weinberger1
Regulatory evolution
technical
kudriavzevii
snap-frozen
complicated
Hogenesch
extensive differences
different sensitivity
flexibility
circumvent
Halocynthia
confidence
K-acetate
orthologous promoters
sequence-specific
comparing
Bioinformatics
conservation
assessment
Supplementary information
Tris-SO4
Flanking sequences
Ministry
expression evolution
chimpanzee
controlling
log-transformed expression
substantial species-specific
mammalian
Conserved
divergent
nucleosome occupancy
high-density
Diverged promoters
STE12binding
Weinberger
Bezalel1
respective
complementary challenge
regression
protein-encoding
activation
simplicity
MacIsaac
modulation
hoDHKAN
Barkai1,2
comparative Molecular
meaningful
Seringhaus
Thastrom
functional regulatory
liver-related
correspond
complexity
dinucleotide synthetase
correlation
turnover
Vacquier
indistinguishable
proximal promoters
evolvability
tendency
evolutionary significance
interesting
trans-acting
compensatory
characterized significant
derivative
chromatin
combination
Alternatively
synthetic a-factor
Analysis
TATA-containing
association
Nucleosome occupancy
notochord-specific Brachyury
magnitude
PRM2,4,6
differential upregulation
sensu­stricto
Dickinson
interplay
amino-allyl
combinatorial
candidate transcriptional
integrated
Evolutionary conservation
conserved TF-binding
modulating chromatin
divergence
intensity-dependent correction
possibility
standard
difficulty
formation
ancestral mammalian
phenotypic evolution
Identifying cooperativity
tissue-specific expression
Microarray analysis
signature
Rozowsky
Upregulation
Prabhakar
Accordingly
specificity
stress-related
chromatin immunoprecipitation
regulation
intermediate
percentage
upstream promoters
a-factor
Importantly
environmental
Halbleib
predicted nucleosome
Expression profiling
compensation
determined
reproduction
generality
Zeitlinger
important limitation
Differentially expressed
predicted TF-binding
Weizmann Institute
-binding sequences
Development
Lindblad-Toh
significant differences
complete-ORF
responsible
genome-wide expression
Functional analysis
hybridization platform
expression differences
walk-through
Brachyury expression
Leinweber
mammalian tissue-specific
duplication
Reynolds
Schwanekamp
genomewide
accession
Medvedovic
inconsistent
participate
threshold
occupancy Nucleosome
Attribution
knowledge
chromatin structure
proportion
Although surprising
cerevisiae-bound promoters
nucleosome positioning
log2-transformed
dependent
conserved STE12-binding
Organization
sporulation
non-functional
predicted
activity
fertility
YDL089W
reference
sensitivity
individual
Tissue-specific
subsequent
STE12-regulated
identification
reproducible
subarray
discovery
available
variability
open-access
transcriptional regulation
importance
Fondufe-Mittendorf
predicted cooperative
eukaryotic
Expression divergence
subfigure
Meiklejohn
characteristic expression
Boffelli
contribution
regulatory evolution
cell-cycle
diverged expression
Discussion
downregulated
mutations
genome-wide correlation
non-conserved
unexplained differences
Differential upregulation
commercial exploitation
decoupling
flexible
transcriptional regulatory
controlled
a-Factor treatment
subjecting
one-third
understand
Khaitovich
Differential expression
Supplementary
Kulbokas
situation
cis-regulatory sequences
pheromone
Assessing
Additional
Nonetheless
Furthermore
functional mutations
Evolution
TF-binding sequences
STE12-dependent
upregulated
Ruvinsky
different
Lachmann
transcriptomes
connection
K-phosphate
phenotype
downregulation
position-dependent correction
farnesyltransferase
difficult
evolutionary divergence
promoters
Innovative Investigation
STE12-binding sequences
possible explanation
Macisaac
Dermitzakis
analysis
`conserved
Kaganovich1
transcription
Â106/ml
conserved upregulation
Similarly
Pokholok
Molecular
alignment
mammalian regulatory
conclusions
cerevisiae
functional transcription
Divergence
arresting
Although
McCallion
extensive
saturation
Drosophila melanogaster
Consortium
Program-specific distribution
Genome-wide analysis
paradoxus-specific upregulation
`binding
specific
absolute difference
two-sampled
regulatory sequences
beneficial
Castillo-Davis
Hayakawa
searching
stress-related comparative
predicted differences
additional regulatory
Conservation
stabilized expression
consensus
Tissuespecific transcriptional
subclass
mammalian promoters
mating-related
Wiltshire
Transcriptional regulatory
predicting
differential appearance
ontology
comparison
Stoughton
absolute hybridization
Saccharomyces paradoxus
Donaldson
computational
normalized expression
non-consensus
functional
Identification
Predicted nucleosome
Hybridization
Flanking
additional
conserved ancestral
detectable
Signaling
Bardwell
information Supplementary
comparative expression
Interestingly
reproductive
distribution
phenotypic adaptation
transcriptional
Publishing
Introduction
Chromatin structure
influence
accessibility
Hellmann
conserved
diverged
unexplained differential
corresponding
Sexdependent
Gianoulis
Altogether
TGAAACA
conserved regulatory
YHR159W
human­chimpanzee
important
sonication
structure
Haploids isolation
Drosophila
differential expression
Takusagawa
Prediction
regulatory divergence
specific cis-regulatory
enrichment
