evolutionary
measurable difference
similarity
identifying orthologous
Fellowship
selection
Alignment Uncertainty
threshold
Molecular
Quantifying
Morgenstern
alignment
homology
Supporting
luciferase
conclusions
Bouyain,4
costimulatory
nonsynonymous divergence
orthologous sequences
T-Coffee
topological
Biophysics
Knockdown
production
Katharine Whartenby,7
Although
symmetric-difference
stochastic
correspondence
Evolution
dissimilar
Biochemistry
permission
Discarding information
alignment uncertainty
competing
Kruskal-Wallis
calcineurin
molecular sequences
cerevisiae
condition
evolutionary parameters
Schwartz
PROBCONS CLUSTAL/DIALIGN
nonsynonymous
REPORTS probability
Washington
unnecessary
maximum-likelihood
informative
reasonable
proportion
Dermatology
regulated
alignments
anti-CD3­stimulated
genomicist
calcineurin-NFAT
Batzoglou
statistical
individual transcription
lymphocyte infiltration
consistent
REPORTS Alignment
selectivity
Department
individual
evolutionary parameter
statistic
Collins,7
Homer3-deficient
practical difficulty
Conflicting
Notredame
activating
Felsenstein
T-COFFEE DIALIGN
Worley2,8
Powell,7
intensive undertaking
Neurology
identification
different alignments
positive-selection inference
statistical procedure
available
variability
importance
SCIENCE
University
Southwestern
divergence
understanding
calcineurin-dependent dephosphorylation
cytoplasmic scaffolding
7Department
substitution
approximating
likelihood
Oncology-Immunology/Hematopoiesis
posterior probability
BAli-Phy
8Department
molecular evolution
inconsistent inferences
uncertainty
Dehoff,2
paradoxus
kudriavzevii
sensitive
statistical alignment
Bayesian-inferred alignment
procedure
Statistical
Redelings
appropriateness
high-resolution
different estimates
inference
Copyright
problematic
YPL077C
synonymous
Advancement
probability distribution
parameter uncertainty
formidable
wild-type
Increasing
targeting
additional
Alignments
trademark
alignment treatments
Comparative Pathobiology
Downloaded
difference
California
Baltimore
Bioinformatics
Neuroscience
autoimmune-like
Association
alignment procedure
Considering alignment
5Department
subsequent inferences
Pennsylvania
JANUARY
Nonsynonymous
inadvisable
costimulation
phylogeny estimation
sophisticated
CLUSTAL
incorporating uncertainty
evolutionary biologist
considerable
Statistical alignment
hyperplasia
uncertain
serine-threonine
related-content
effector-memory
Regulation
multimerized
Endrizzi
Mahabhashyam
frequency
References
following
scripting
inferring
REPORTS ambiguous
Information
Suchard,2
Biomathematics
2Department
phylogenetic
influence
Integrative
DEB-0445453
alignment treatment
Cytoplasmic Scaffolding
Confirming
performed
accounting
comparative
concordant
information
excitatory
castellii
depending
Activation
Philadelphia
potential
activation
statistical phylo-alignment
3Department
phylogenetic inferences
difficult
McCorkell,5
literature
Alignment variability
different statistical
Bootstrap
nucleotide
inconsistency
Patterson
stringency
observation
overexpression
different alignment
Homer-deficient
ambiguous alignment
nonparametric bootstrap
alignment variability
redundant
Homer-NFAT
Alignment Treatments
appropriate statistical
discordant inferences
expression
correlation
GM-069801
Biophysical Chemistry
