KIAA0259
desirable
Hemagglutinin Interferon
computation
conceptual translation
significant alignments
relationships
`two-hit
Fleischmann
lowest-scoring alignment
D90904a
analogous
TRIGGERING
divergent
Schneider
belonging
advantage
frequencies
KIAA0170
length-W
anonymous
automatic operation
difference
condition
applicable
trypanosome
biological
inspection
construct pseudocount
PSIBLAST
theoretical foundation
approximation
non-overlapping length-3
REFERENCES
rigorous
algorithmic
bacterial
implemented
inaccurate
non-redundant
mutational
sum-statistics
Rad4/Cut5
experiment
Padmanabhan
straightforward sequence­sequence
Schmitter
Realignment
significant alignment
GENERATION
respectively
T-antigen
operating
performance evaluation
directions
Computational
zebrafish ortholog
log-odds
Intuitively
`threshold
Ainscough
requiring
goodness-of-fit
Dirichlet
dehydrogenase Histocompatibility
analyzing
previously recognized
experimentation
confidence
Mitchison
`original
alignment construction
examination
assistance
introducing
nonredundant
Sjölander
TWO-HIT
arbitrary position-specific
BLOSUM-62 substitution
reasonable accuracy
normalized
particular
producing
Addison-Wesley
modified
confining
inhibitor
ALIGNMENTS
2Department
calculation
pseudocount frequencies
purposes
performed
Thompson
PSI-BLAST
Cytochrome
information
respective
shuffled
realignment procedure
criterion
PERFORMANCE EVALUATION
absolute
intelligent
simplicity
Overlooking
YGR103w
Virology
sacrifice
demanding
Haussler
explored
meaningful
Siprashvili
leghemoglobin
effective
Efficient execution
explicit
correspond
C-terminal
synthase
position-specific
Rawlings
triggering
Interesting
statistical
existence
inappropriate inclusion
exclusion
interesting
embryonic development
PSI-BLAST PSI-BLAST
fruitful
estimating
automatic iteration
correspondence
combination
Challenge
Iteration
galactose-1-phosphate uridylyltransferase
BLOSUM-62
significant similarity
histidine
structural
STATISTICAL PRELIMINARIES
parameter
Hasegawa
Smith­Waterman algorithm
biological database
weighted
Pescadillo
generation
Hoppe-Seyler
produced beforehand
Spillman
YHR154w
frequency
single-hit
histocompatibility
operation
predefined
SWISS-PROT accession
Haemophilus influenzae
multi-stage
POSITION-SPECIFIC
length-567 influenza
musculus
Erickson
University
diagonal
possibility
standard
difficulty
MATRICES Database
collection
PSI-BLAST EXAMPLES
detecting
Eisenberg
beginning
definition
independent sequences
programming
identical shuffled-database
signature
typical-length
1Laboratory
probability
researcher
shuffled sequences
Gribskov
instances
Accordingly
Apweiler
Bethesda
SWISS-PROT annotation
Theoretical
three-dimensional
Glutathione transferase
DNA-ligase
construct
adenovirus
Yaegashi
hypothetical
Callebaut
molecular
P4-tetraphosphate phosphorylase
constituent
Trypanosoma
synthase Normalized
Employing
domestica
scotoductus Drosophila
data-dependent pseudocount
database
iteration
preparation
Alejandro
high-scoring
Methanococcus jannaschii
interactive
collecting
Multiple alignment
unchanged
generalization
Empirically
substantial
programming algorithms
Waterston
convenient
emphasis
potential
retinoblastoma
high-scoring alignments
accuracy
multiple
iteration PSI-BLAST
Altschul
incorrect classification
extending
Harshman
extension Ungapped
successive
detecting alignments
observation
hit-processing component
ungapped alignments
traditional
CONSTRUCTION
LM05110
databases
Amsterdam
Robinson
specification
Research
calculable
participate
Biotechnology Information
PSI-BLAST programs
TcEST030c
knowledge
implementation
DISCUSSION
analytic
Position-Specific
Tavtigian
Preliminary
`reduced
`high-scoring
conjunction
significant sequences
superfamily
sensitive position-specific
Washington
statistical assessment
architecture
Threlfall
DNA­DNA comparison
constructing
reference
sensitivity
Specifically
Schmidheini
Gaasterland
McLachlan
Caenorhabditis
subsequent
artificial
Ishikawa
International Conference
PiPjelusij
important similarities
boundary
Ungapped extensions
approach
available
threshold parameter
Hartzell
REFINEMENT
hypothesis
length-11
band-width parameter
N-terminal
prescription
frequency estimation
non-overlapping
sensitive
Computer
estimation
experimental
complicate estimating
specific similarity
hit-stage
represented
applicability
sequences
higher-scoring
Hernandez
aligning
damage-responsive
reasonable sensitivity
different information
Cotticelli
prototype
ABSTRACT
generating
corresponding
ALGORITHM
Pennsylvania
sufficient
PSI-BLAST iteration
evolving multiple
representative
Richardson
ungapped extensions
Shattuck-Eidens
exception
empirical
optimization
ITERATED APPLICATION
Overhead
procedure
Sarcophaga peregrina
Furthermore
expending
discrepancy
arbitrary pseudocount
INTRODUCTION Variations
alignment algorithm
Intelligent
interesting similarities
containing
PSI-BLAST extension
Schäffer1
Sonnhammer
lowest-scoring alignments
drawback
Blanquet
ungapped extension
composition
definitional
independent
statistical evaluation
Macromolecules
pseudocount parameter
position-specific iteration
SWISSPROT accession
algorithm necessary
Henikoff
Position-specific
aggregate
positives
Synechocystis
full-scale database
programs
shuffled database
alignment variability
analysis
hemagglutinin precursor
multiple alignment
coordinate
organization
Needleman
dimension
CONCLUSION
500-residue low-complexity
alternative
Molecular
C-terminus
heuristic
position-specific substitution
similarities
character
heuristic approach
identical
Bonfield
Unfortunately
possible
Kawakami
Algorithms
background
execution
disadvantage
biological relevance
necessary
Schwartz
equal-length
performing
FitzGerald
altschul
matrix-sequence alignments
Miyajima
transferase H+-transporting
alignments
essential
highest-scoring length-11
SWISS-PROT database
producing alignments
Arabidopsis
Unrelated sequences
alignments produced
recognition
describing
Hirosawa
Accepted
ADP-ribose
different programs
comparing database
near-significant
selecting
equivalent
processing
agreement
Dilworth
Proceedings
Huylebroeck
substitution
comparison
SWISS-PROT sequences
extension
Heidenreich
recognized
simulation
dependency
extensions
Subsequent PSI-BLAST
processor
automatically
computational
inclusion
previously
YGR103w Pescadilloa
appropriate diagonal
involvement
inverting
ortholog YGR103w
proportional
isoleucine
Nakamura
intervention
statistics
additional
approximate
Sasamoto
Tokunaga
Verhoeyen
coiled-coil
triggered
identical sequences
sophisticated
construction
Research Institute
Original
eschewing position-specific
Research Foundation
database sequences
Engineering
distribution
Braunitzer
edge-effect correction
contribute
significant similarities
diverged
statistical significance
constructed
incorrect
Calculating
leftward
Drosophila melanogaster
Gottesman
PositionSpecific
Structure
conclusion
qij/PiPj
KIAA0259a
calculating
Rajandream
comparable sensitivity
N-terminus
important
seed-selection heuristic
structure
STATISTICAL EVALUATION
delineation
algorithm
Sequence
different heuristic
Kawarabayasi
Ehrenfeucht
tradeoff
directory
Biomedical Research
backward
Brinkman
