Biophysical
responsible
two-dimensional
Srinivasan
Similarly
transmitting
nucleotide-dependent
cost-effective
nucleotide-pockets
rigorlike structure
nucleotidepocket
minimizing
Two-dimensional clustering
paramagnetic resonance
parameterization
significant structural
existence
alternative
Molecular
compatible
Conformational
1GOJBiophysical
nucleotidebinding
following conformational
Resulting
catalytic
Meanwhile
microtubule
interesting
DISCUSSION
characterization
actin-induced nucleotide
environment
force-generating
treatment
Although
relevance
coordinated
consideration
structural
cryo-microscopy
transformation
mechanistic
elastic-network
Szent-Gyorgyi
Fletterick
ADP-bound
deforming
widely-hypothesized
irreversible
rate-limiting
activation
translations
comparing functional
framework
increases
a3-L9-a3a
principal component
different functional
coordinating
distortion
Accompanied
difference
strong-binding
rigid-body
eigenvalue
subdomain
Argopecten
Structure
Calculation
force-generation mechanism
collective
near-rigor structure
neck-linker
identified
two-dimensional coordinate
transmission
microtubule-binding
power-stroke generation
reasonable
comparable amplitude
Identification
difficult
force-generation
essential
subsystem
real-scale
converter/lever
residueto-residue comparison
DNA-dependent
loop-helixloop
myosin-II
consistent
MG-AMPPCP
displacement
nucleotide-pocket conformational
Application
frequency
strongbinding
kinesin/myosin structures
Opening/closing
g-phosphate
Structures
single-parameter
transport
tremendous challenge
describing
Justification
enlightening
INTRODUCTION
falciparum Dictyostelium
microtubulebinding-activated
dynamical correlations
nucleotide-pocket deformation
availability
biomolecular
root-mean-square fluctuation
near-rigor/detached
projecting
identification
seven-stranded
rigorlike
nucleotide-pocket
weak-binding transition
structural similarity
multidomain
kinesin-ADP
b5a-L8-b5b
available
I/switch
Switch-based mechanism
Dynamical
myosin/kinesin structure
nucleotide hydrolysis
Anisotropy
N-terminal
represent collective
conformation
significant movements
quasiharmonic
off-diagonal
homologous
AMPÁPCP
Corresponding
configuration
Quasiharmonic
METHODS
comparison
near-rigor
Computational
nucleotide-binding
main-chain
inexpensive
weak-binding
kinesin-ATP
controversy
disengage
connection
ATP-bound
Nucleotide-Pocket
Neurospora
pocketmode
motorprotein
Laboratory
Systematic
complimentary
Conversely
best-studied
plausible dynamical
crystallographic
actin-binding
computational
projection
classification
closing/opening
individual conformational
requiring
nonharmonic
interdomain conformational
nucleotide-pocket conformation
appropriate
REFERENCES
Therefore
ADP-MG-ALFX
functional mechanisms
orientation
nucleotide-pocket Principal
Plasmodium falciparum
Minehardt
Motivated
publication
energetic
simplification
comparative dynamical
twodimensional
disparity
ADP-state
comparing
quadratic
downloadable
pocket-mode
large-scale structural
actomyosin
structures
Furthermore
low-frequency
Comparison
flexibility
conformational
pocket-modes
Hamiltonian
actinbinding
Interestingly
grayscale
covariance
Submitted
diagonalization
row/column
microtubules
particular
translation
elastic-interactions-based description
irrelevant
neighboring
clarifying
sffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffi
converter
reference structure
characteristic
mode-specific
structural displacement
normal-modes
deformation
hydrolysis
long-range
phosphate
Simplified
amplitude
interaction
following
bending/twisting
enhanced/
eigenvector
single-domain
Information
transition
secondary structure
low-energy
fluctuation
ABSTRACT
opening/closing
N-terminal subdomain
Nucleotide-dependent movements
conserved
fluctuating
power-stroke
C-terminal
restraining
corresponding
norvegicus
loop-switch
myosin-ADP
kinesin-family
pseudo-b-hairpin
information
different
oversimplification
arrowhead
ENM-based
efficient
different force-generation
mechanism
Historically
simultaneous
functionality
Drosophila melanogaster
limitation
Dictyostelium discoideum
Ubiquitous
different conformation
downward/upward
Eschenburg
description
structural alignment
mobility/flexibility
Institute
correlation
docking/undocking
homologous nucleotide-binding
promising alternative
important
Structural mechanism
preliminary
well-clustered
a4-L12-a5
hinge/bending
nucleotide
structure
Full-scale molecular
individual
observation
effective
structural comparison
Physically
Nucleotide-Binding
Consistent
partition
pre-power-stroke
large-scale
qualitative
coordinate root-mean-square
temperature
mechanical
representation
resolution
Principal
