consider
BRIDGET
Baltimore
non-spiked-in
detection
ETECTION
Research
oligonucleotide expression
experiments
Hartemink
Rehannah
alternative
EATURES
subtracting
amplification
interquartile
OLLETTIE
parameters
interesting
proportion
ORMALIZATION
Histogram
empirical evidence
interested
across-array
biomedical
Although
Berkeley
AGNASCO
AUBERTAS
transformation
Irizarry
hybridization
correspondence
noticeable
reference quantiles
MG-U74A
motivating
OCKHART
advantage
evaluate
possible
Analysis
EFERENCES
`realistic
quantiles
Exploration
subtraction
background
performance
Concentrations
difference
concentration experiment
BEAZER-BARCLAY
Lockhart
alternative background
probe-specific affinities
Biotechnology
different experimental
DIFFERENTIAL EXPRESSION
log-scale
subtracting probe-specific
IRIZARRY Department
specific
100-fold
standard deviation
VARIANCE
dilution
left-hand
Therefore
Statistics
log-normal
computation
sequence
sensitivity
ITTMANN
Quantitative analysis
Spike-in
spike-in experiment
Statistica
intensity
individual
High-density oligonucleotide
Expected
generation Affymetrix
KRISTEN
preparation
Affymetrix Microarray
representative
expressed
TERENCE
increase
model-based expression
absolute
Normalized
scanner/fluidic
expression measures
probespecific
approach
Supplemental
available
analysis algorithm
additive probe-specific
improvement
University
processing
component
probe-specific
standard
Proceedings
oligonucleotide
GOODNESS
demonstrate
Standard deviation
detecting
Typically
Affymetrix GeneChip
ONCLUSION
comparison
EASURES
Biostatistics
extensive spike-in
National
likelihood estimation
spiked-in
-dimensional quantile­
probe-level
Genomebiology
Statistical
dilution concentration
concentrations
log-transformed
NTRODUCTION High-density
ARTEMINK
experimental
histograms
background-adjusted
exploratory analysis
left-of-the-mode
ANTONELLIS
marginal
normalization procedure
stratification
Specifically
appropriate
downside
achievable
specificity
spike-in concentrations
Evaluation
non-specific
horizontal
additive
publication
comparing
likelihood
triplicate
parallel
intention
assumption
California
high-density oligonucleotide
interest
Bioinformatics
expected
replicate
percentage
EXPRESSION
KOBAYASHI
summarizing
manufacture
HG-U95A
corresponding
hypothetical
multiarray
background correction
differences
mismatch
distribution
artifact
histogram
environmental
normalized
particular
obscuring
cardinality
Expression
probe-specific affinity
differentialexpression
abundance
distance
exception
scenario
exponential
replicates
ESCRIPTION
Bioconductor
different expression
intensities
behavior
different concentration
Gaithersburg
Concentration
Children
Intensities
Affymetrix technology
Technical University
constant
worthwhile
IKOUNIS
Received
Furthermore
Histograms
respective
Estimating
estimation procedure
Workshop
COMPARISONS
identifiability
concentration
feasible
technology
normalizing GeneChip
physical
Division
different
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
exploratory
background-corrected
JAAKOLA
different picomolar
background adjustment
mechanism
microarray
variance­mean relationship
RIZARRY
familiar
objective
multiplicative model-based
`obscuring
triplicates
Statistical analysis
development
subtilis
attenuation
incorrect difference
Institute
closed-form transformation
AffymetrixGeneChip
measures
leukemia
variation
Melbourne
probe-set
independent
FFYMETRIX
Expression monitoring
boxplots
Biweight
changing
Dilution
transcript
response
normalization
defective
effective
multi-array
Associate
Observed expression
analysis
Observed
quantile­quantile
nonspecific
Standard Deviation
HG-U95A GeneChip
Australia FRANCOIS
differential expression
Model-based analysis
quantity
