Considering
metabolism excretion/toxicity
evolutionary
transitions
393-amino-acid
millisecond
Bassingthwaighte
metaphase/anaphase
Erdös­Rényi
mechanism-based ADME/Tox
integrative
system-level organization
statistical
alternative
Molecular
availability
homeostasis
Synthesis
observational
Technology Development
Scientific
computer-executable
physiological
molecular-level
opportunities
/Japanese
biological oscillation
stock-market
Hypothesis
Additionally
intercellular
analogous
suppressor
stochastic simulation
transcriptional regulation
cytochrome
pharmacokinetic predictions
insensitive
mainstream
combination
antagonism
Nevertheless
function-driven identification
system-level understanding
Bifurcation
whole-cell
machine-executable
solubility
functional biological
rhythm57,58
Complexity
macroscopic properties
exon­intron
Higashi-gotanda
Polymorphisms
biological modularity
preferential attachment
Experimental
structural
susceptibility
Braziller
quantitative structure­activity
larger-scale
efficiency
bifurcation
phosphorylation
Escherichia
capability
hypothetical
full-scale
dephosphorylation
substrate-depletion oscillators
biological
Foundations
cybernetics16
Agriculture
distribution metabolism
futuristic
false-positive
protein­protein
differential
illuminate
computation
Computatoinal
Susceptibility
oscillator
Symbiotic
prediction
constitute
understood
individual
oscillatory
Industrial Technology
impossible
International
NOVEMBER
functioning
Metabolism
Dynamical
developmental
Kohoku-ku
Drosophila embryonic
human-readable
compounds
symbiotic
complementary
transduction42
integration
Integrated
Comparable system-level
behaviours
`bang-bang
identification
Lauderdale
pharmacological knowledge
malfunction
Technology Corporation
spring-mass
Cambridge
integrated
hysteresis
discovery
available
foundation
segmentation
interpreting biological
scientific
repository
interactions
importance
University
single-input
understanding
difficulty
eukaryotic
homologous
Cambirdge
Fundamental
regulatory
consideration
history16,17
properties
Construction
Mathematical
two-pronged
Computational
quantitative experimental
environment
transferable
vulnerability
modularity
steady-state
telangiectasia
simulation
propagation
connection
ineffective
Cybernetics
multipletarget identification
hypothesis
signal-transduction
therapeutic
expression
proteolytic degradation
experimental
Reflections
Bioinformatics
time-delayed
computational
classification
large-scale
predictive
communication
two-hybrid
protein­DNA interactions
functional
Transduction Knowledge
Discovering regulatory
stochastic computation
ADME/Tox
Experiment
adaptation
Strategies
DNA-dependent
theoretical exploration
theoretical underpinning
electronic
power-law
simulation-driven
high-throughput computational
pharmaceutical
refinement
Exploratory
introduction
qualitative properties
Predicting
Structurally
predictions
physiology
stimulation
calculation
regulation
perturbations
California
large-scale organization
`upstream
hand-crafted
compensatory
Knowledge Environment
Vogelstein
metabolism
less-connected
absorption distribution
insensitivity
Development Organization
RegulonDB
Jingu-mae
Combinatorial
frequently multifunctional
sufficient
realization
Knowledge discovery
unresolved
Encyclopedia
sequence1
systematic
p53-based cell-cycle
multitasking
Simulation
system-oriented
irreversible
considerable
Workbench
overexpression
Application
assessment
robustness
Regulation
Schoeberl
challenging
knowledge discovery
compensation
optimization
physiological knowledge
Communication
Comparative
biochemical
autonomous
deformation
Bertalanffy
heterogeneous simulation
scale-free
transcriptional
Publishing
checkpoint
neutralized
protein­protein interaction
Furthermore
measurement
plausibility
Tinkelenberg
engineering
substantial
archetypal
degenerate
simulations
comparative
concentration
permeability
vulnerable
Beresford
Development
information
redundancy
analysis8,9
Morohashi
transcription
speculative
government
administration
accountable
Understanding
whole-patient
application
intestinal absorption
high-throughput quantitative
chromosome
Alternatively
modification
centrality
establishment
linguistic-based
Inconsistency
simulation-based
development
consistent
morphological
localization23
hydrogen-bond
comprehensive
Biochemical Oscillations
Scale-free
Robustness
treatments
Frankcombe
systems-biology
connectivity
ecological
Goldbeter
pharmacokinetic models52­56
systems-based
significant
Biological
Standards
nucleotide
Drosophila embryogenesis
controversial37
Degeneracy
molecularlevel knowledge
technology development
coordination
data-mining
mechanistic
screening54
brain­blood
self-determined
redundant
pathological
traditional
complexity
chemotaxis
Integrating heterogeneous
feed-forward
anticancer
validation
non-trivial
