Conditioned
Mesencephalic dopaminergic
Fifty-three
Similarly
stereotaxic
developed
particular
modifiable
classical-conditioning
pseudorandom
individual histograms
successive conditioning
experiments
Examination
algorithmic processes
Quantitative
threshold
converting
exclusivity
instantaneous
Hikosaka
completion
responsiveness
additional predictions
Formvar-insulated
probability
physiological
dopaminergic
technique
proportion
trial-by-trial responses
Classical Conditioning
physiological interpretation
sequential
Neurological Foundation
evidenced
Courville
extensive
population
unpredictability
successive predictions
significant reduction
stimulus-specific predictions
dependent
reward-mediated
persistent responses
combination
Otherwise
pavlovian
inconsistent
framework
Schmidt,2
Exploration
asymmetrical
associative conditioning
Hollerman
excellent
substrate
difference
efficient implementation
cue­reward
association
occurring
stability
random-reward condition
necessary
conditioned responses
Behavioral/Systems/Cognitive
stimulus
Scientific Workstation
establishing
extracellular recordings
sometime-locked
magnitude
dopamine-like reinforcement
predicted
establish conditioned
biological
prolonged eligibility
difficult
solenoid­reward
essential
associative
developed responses
anesthetic
predictive
three-step
therefore predicted
illustrating
occurrence
classical
Mirenowicz
pentobarbital
appearance
consistent
Crucially
phenomena
prediction
Comparison
information processing
detection
position-reward
intermediate redundant
individual
predicted-reward responses
migration
existence
Inspection
attributable
electrode
eligibility-trace
Discovery
intracellular recording
replicating
Responses
Aghajanian
Reward-Learning
Eligibility
subsequent
systematic exploration
Population histograms
otherwisequiescent
physiology
experiment
long-term adaptation
respectively
1Physiology
supramammillary
Sejnowski
Aebischer
short-latency responses
responses
Dissociable
reverberating
real-world
University
attention
component
Departments
understanding
Carlsborg
Nakahara
recordings
trial-bytrial
hypothesis
pharmacological characterization
conferring significant
biochemical
recording experiments
Reinforcement
beginning
microwire recording
peri-event
comparison
limitation
paradigms
Psychobiology
unprerandom-reward
pharmacological
determining
uncertainty
Deichmann
considerable practical
classical conditioning
Importance
apomorphine
difference algorithm
substantia
suggestion
pseudorandom intertrial
Alternative
measuring
experimental
self-initiated
Prediction
identification
Copyright
Discussion
preliminary
restoration
Kaelbling
tegmental
anticipatory
conjunction
Identification
single-unit recording
Department Physiology
mechReceived
nonsignificant difference
abolition
three-dimensional
redifferential amplitude
stimulus presentation
microdrive
equivalent
stainless
available
Neurophysiol
stimulus­reward
significant selective
inhibitory responses
initiation
structure
self-administration
Neuroscience
unresponsive
Predictive
low-frequency
electrophysiological
Truncating
exploring
Histological
contribute
reward-related
random-reward
antecedent
step-wise migration
differences
Coincident
time-locked
cued-reward
population histograms
instrumental
Behavioral associations
posterior
Cambridge
microtome
Predicted
Substantia
per-trial
quinpirole
injection
Anticipatory responses
omitreward
analogous
receptorselective
plausible
responding
Koltzenburg
context-dependent prediction
spike-sorting
higher-order
demonstrating conditioned
normalizing
extracellular electrophysiology
Schmiedebergs
Simplified
amplitude
computational neuroscience
following
predictable
abolished
providing
advantage
acquisition
equivalent parameter
Time-derivative
mesencephalic
Calibration
Introduction
averaging
Furthermore
Histograms
condition
slow-firing
conditioned
Dickinson
Behavioral conditioning
contingent
Potential
Critchley
Electrophysiological
Pharmacol
significant depression
responses developed
microiontophoretic
anesthesia
Correspondence
different
simultaneous responding
arrowhead
relationship
Takikawa
efficient
house-light illumination
Component
Wickens,2
mechanism
envisaged
Frackowiak
application
Importantly
machine-learning
significance
modification
performance
Intracellular
Initially
parameter
activation
Structural
development
Development
sequential movements
immediate
bandpass
calculating
modulation
neuron-like
preceding
behavioral
coevolution
Practical
normalized histogram
important
constructing trial-by-trial
suppression
successive
Obermayer
O'Doherty
Simulation
amphetamine
long-lasting eligibility
inhibitory
tone­light
under-constrained
plasticity
conscious
Horizontal calibration
persistent
dimension
Touretzky
Ljungberg
cue­reward association
Spike-timing-dependent
saccharin
coordinate
representation
observability
anticipatory responses
retrieval
