represent
Bioessays
incorporate
hierarchy
topologic perspective
pyrimidine metabolic
three-dimensional representation
Standard clustering
participate
Lawrenson
existence
Gartshore
Supporting
deterministic scale-free
Simultaneously
manuscript
clustering coefficient
Threatened
triphosphate
distinguishing
graph-theoretical representation
blue-outlined
Although
Overbeek
decomposition
deoxycytidine
Greenwood
correspondence
schematic illustration
permission
Andriamampianina
different organisms
Modularity
exception
functional
replication
probability
Vespignani
topological organization
cellular
metabolite
emergence
cerevisiae
green-outlined
prominent
understanding
topologic representation
evolution
nonbranching
substrate
Barabasi
uncovering
blue-shaded
Washington
identified
biochemical classification
average-linkage hierarchical
magnitude
coexistence
architecture
Krummenacker
isolation
Featherstone
Pathology
inspection
accumulation
clustering following
deoxythymidine
Statistics
neighborhood
well-limited
quantitative characterization
metabolic
intrinsic potential
peripheral
postgenomic
prediction
mathematical framework
Department
Strogatz
Conservation
equivalent
biochemistry-based
International
metabolic reactions
COC/BirdLife
hierarchical modularity
organisms
metabolites represent
assistance
k-independent
functional classification
integration
boundaries
Uncovering
module-free scale-free
identification
-diphosphate
comprehensive
interconnectedness
clustering algorithm
Escherichia
Pastor-Satorras
available
supporting
comparable
topological modularity
nonuniform
heuristic
SCIENCE
University
carbamoyl phosphate
hierarchical clustering
Balmford
agreement
intuitive topology
Campbell
collection
metabolic substrates
Pellegrini-Toole
configuration
Shen-Orr
Additional information
hierarchical topology
definition
Cambridge
consistent
identifiable
reminiscent
system-level cellular
contradiction
eukaryote
connection
important
evolutionary mechanism
Red-outlined
topologic
high-resolution
experimental
separable
compound metabolism
technique
Mongru,2
thymidine diphosphate
Copyright
characterization
monocarbon compound
respective biochemical
Dorogovtsev
color-coded
Advancement
Fedoroff
Environment
Scholarship Foundation
Ecography
pyrimidine
Therefore
functional organization
elementary
flagella
Metabolic Networks
black-outlined
community structure
module-free metabolic
predominant biochemical
Diversity
Geographic Information
Zoological
subnetworks
Lauffenburger
different functional
intracellular
trademark
functional relatedness
self-similar
Downloaded
Ecological
biological organization
simultaneous emergence
hypothetical
molecular
-monophosphate
theoretical
Association
synthesis
different metabolites
size-independent clustering
monophosphate
successful
different organizational
hierarchical architecture
Ricklefs
represent carbohydrate
hierarchical
separable functional
signaling
Subsequently
potential
biochemical reactions
partitioning
Three-dimensional representation
Schematic illustration
embedded
Application
Woodward
dichotomy
scalefree
suggestive
nonbiological
Waltenbaugh
interaction
following
biochemical
distribution
Black-outlined
Information
generality
2Department
S-dihydroorotate
cellular metabolism
identified hierarchical
biological perspective
red-outlined
Dowsett-Lemaire
information
functions
productivity
bacterium
biochemistry
Identifying
cellular functionality
application
Freckleton
large-scale functional
intermodule
reduction procedure
cellular organization
breakdown
independent
size­independent clustering
system-level structure
pyrimidine metabolites
hierarchical organization
pyrimidine metabolism
three-step reduction
Rosenzweig
metabolic organization
Barcelona
dependence
connectivity
clear-cut modularity
HighWire
potential functional
thymidine monophosphate
identical
Northwestern University
Topological
-triphosphate
nucleotide
interconnectivity
Hierarchical Organization
deoxyuridine
reorganization
observation
framework
topology-based approach
Schilling
L-glutamine
scale-free topology
correspond
analysis
complexity
fundamental
direction
quantitative
Copenhagen
duplication
carbohydrate metabolism
Ravasz,1
Stattersfield
