searchable
similarity
Biochemistry
Relatives Co-worker
Phylogenetics
splitting
ribosomal
taxonomic
Brunswick
educational background
alignment
occupation
relationships
Supporting
longstanding
monophyly
proportion
estimating
sufficient incentives
within-genome duplication
Although
relevance
extensive
phylogenetic incongruence
phylogenies supporting
correspondence
alien-gene acquisition
frequency distribution
permission
orthology
discordance
Evolutionary
preference
Abiteboul
recipient
exponential attenuation
Experimental
prominent
Molecular Biophysics
different underlying
reciprocal
disinclination
policeman
transmission
university
Washington
Participants
Internet-using population
individuals
organismal linDepartment
Sociometry
Education
friendship
Shimodaira-Hasegawa
supporting
consistent
orthologs available
individual
assumption
bacterial
individual incentives
consensus
acquaintance
Histogram representing
Successful
subsequent
Bornholdt
Greenwald
branching topology
conservative
Norwegian
decomposition
incompatibility
indication
compounding
participation
available
completion
Transaction
appropriate recipient
SCIENCE
divergence
agreement
difficulty
identifying orthologs
hypothesis
separation
accessory
likelihood
comparison
interaction
Vercoustre
Distributions
scientific collaboration
Kleinfeld
molecular phylogenies
Including
acquisition
Cooperative
high-resolution
Everyday
experimental
appreciable
random-failure hypothesis
Daubin,1
Copyright
large-scale
Advancement
addressed
technology consultant
adaptation
unsuccessful
attrition
forwarding
different evolutionary
confidence
Australia
additional
confident
egalitarian
social-search experiment
trademark
Downloaded
small-world hypothesis
intermediate
hypothetical
exceptional
phylogenetic relationships
theoretical
Association
Columbia University
relationship
Killworth
successful
completed
nonsocial
histogram
Individuals
Kleinberg
School/university Family/relation
particular
postulate
Blackwell
exception
branching
related-content
compositional
originate
empirical
reconstructing
veterinarian
phylogenies
Communication
following
Bacterial
geographical proximity
professor
procedure
Information
Sociology
2Department
Corporation
Furthermore
phylogenetic
phylogenetic reconstruction
substantial
accounting
inspector
education
Haythornthwaite
Heidelberg
Granovetter
information
different
Christian
maximum-likelihood attrition
responsible
incentive
paralogous
nontrivial
acquaintances
reachable
Significant
significance
explanation
difficult
Available
Ethnology
commonplace
Tree-puzzle
Institute
substantial incidence
connectivity
ecological
Barthelemy
significant
Amsterdam
structure
Internet-based
Faloutsos
Foundation
orthologous
medium-strength
Muhamad,2
reachability
principle
professional
resolution
incomplete
Geography
