influenza
4Department
Nakagawa
computation
Department
physiological
high-throughput screening
`interactome
genome-wide interactions
bicarbonate-buffered
cytochrome
MEDLINE
Identifying
apoptosis
activation
Abouhamze
phenotypes
peer-reviewed scientific
applicable
phosphorylation
cyclophilin
inspection
26Department
abbreviated
consistent
prediction
affiliation
Northwest
web-based
27Department
assistance
24Department
ATP-consuming processes
tubulin-A microtubule
C-reactive
commercial
significant transcriptional
understanding
self-limiting
7Department
Published
Definitions
McKinley17
McKinley16
12Department
statistical likelihood
technical
published
O'Keefe10
O'Keefe11
Technology
Verification
21Department
Endotoxin-induced mitochondrial
Bioanalyser
translational
METHODS
MicroArray
29Department
TreeView24
14Department
Christina
composite
nucleotide translocator
Choudhry5
disruption
Expression
abundance
re-establishing homeostasis
presentation
challenge
mammalian
Birmingham
endotoxin-challenged
16Department
Hennekens
inhibitor
2Department
mitochondrial oxidative
spectrophotometry
expression profiling
protective
Induction
information
Northwestern University
Schwacha5
Significant
significance
Normalization
modulation
high-energy
polymerase
subsequent confirmation
effective
defence11
Mindrinos2
functional interactions
full-text scientific
hierarchy
Microbiology
structuring
Nathens11
innovative
responsive
Brunswick
cardiovascular
Abouelleil
Richards3
production
phagocyte NADPH-oxidase
suppressor
endotoxin injection
inflammatory disease-related
framework
Simultaneous
susceptibility
ACCP/SCCM Consensus
17Department
Southwestern
Shapiro19
subnetwork
Statistics
financial
Transcription
Significance
knowledge-base
ATP/ubiquitindependent
20Department
histocompatibility
Discovery
comprehensive knowledge
Johnson14
Johnson13
messenger
evaluation
dysregulation
University
18-gauge
oligonucleotide
biological
regulatory programme
8Department
Cambridge
Logvinenko7
Logvinenko6
Massachusetts
calcium-overload-induced
drotrecogin
Buttgereit
Yoshiyuki
Microarray
cytoskeletal
specificity
temperature
regulation
1Department
percentage
molecular
Association
apoptotic
reprioritization
Chinnappa
Individual significant
predictable
widespread suppression
Lederer15
Lederer16
endotoxin administration
significant functional
depolarization
transducer
biochemical
intravenous administration
Tibshirani
likelihood calculation
substantial
Development
leukocyte
transcription
responsible
mechanism
genome-wide expression
Shapiro20
genome-wide interaction
13Department
Frederick
centrifugation
immediate neighbourhood
Pendexter Macdonald
representation
Galveston
splanchnic
microarray expression
high-throughput
subsequent counterregulatory
capillary electrophoresis
semicelatum
Whittaker
integrated cell-wide
multicomponent
31Department
Supplementary Information
knowledge
spontaneous resolution
19Department
Washington Harborview
CORRIGENDA NATURE|Vol
proteasome
dependent
28Department
SLC25A5
degradation
principal component
Consensus Conference
oxidative-stress-
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
antagonistic benzodiazepine
Herndon10
knowledge-based
signallosome
analytical
enzymatic interactions
Rochester
biological processes
peripheral
Nathens10
connections
intensity
individual
endotoxin-responsive
Mannick16
Mannick15
Collaborative
reperfusion
identification
Reference Endotoxin
discovery
available
complementary
Schoenfeld6
Schoenfeld7
hypothesis
Brownstein6
Constance
6Department
proinflammatory
propagation
Laboratory
bacterial endotoxin
anaphase-promoting
expression
experimental
inflammatory
Publishing
mammalian orthologues
22Department
extraction
reduction
California
transcriptional regulatory
diversity
Pennsylvania
expenditure
representative
systematic
granulomatous
Subsequently
Astronomical
Supplementary
important functional
elongation initiation
cell­cell
concomitant
ERRATUM
microarrays
Furthermore
Tompkins8
Affiliations
prototypical inflammatory
Correspondence
LETTERS
18Department
phenotype
Brownstein
literature
Institute
Campbell-Finnerty9
Mindrinos
Mikkelsen
polymorphism
CC-RE-Lot
mitochondrial permeability
Washington University
Cytopathic
comprehensive interactions
neutrophil cytochrome
ribosomal
Model-based
Molecular
homeostasis
genome-wide transcriptional
cell-cycle regulation
acetyl-CoA
Acknowledgements
identical
Moldawer5
overwhelming diversity
lymphoma
Pittsurgh
FitzGerald
D-dependent mitochondrial
physiological regulatory
tricarboxylic
counterregulation
glycoprotein
metabolic
Gainesville
Miller-Graziano7
highlighting
Pittsburgh
NATURE|Vol
25Department
cAMP-response element-binding
inflammation
Physicians/Society
elucidate
equivalent
processing
CORRIGENDUM
MacMillan
15Department
permeability transition
Tschoeke5
network-based
Biostatistics
UMDNJ-Robert
11Department
secretory
kappa/relA
Knowledge
functional
Molecular classification
Identification
Inflammation
Miller-Graziano
dehydrogenase
cellular-stress-derived
additional
Composite
erythrocyte
labelling
Principal component
synthesis
Affymetrix
cutaneous malignant
Ingenuity
endotoxin stimulation
Engineering
phosphate
Fujiyama
5Department
Leukocyte
LETTERS immediate
chromosome
9Department
multiclass
Hubbard5
Oligonucleotide
cell­matrix
Cyclophilin D-dependent
endotoxin-induced
interactome
concurrent
important
suppression
Mitochondrial dysfunction
superoxide-producing phagocyte
structure
Felciano3
antecedent
mitochondrial respiratory
Harbrecht2
mitochondrial dysfunction
3Ingenuity
enrichment
