precision-recall
Electronique d'Intelligence
remarkable
COMPUTER SCIENCES
Department
relationships
Henrichsen
technique
straightforward
ADIOS-generated sentences
extensive generativity
difference
Omohundro
Experimental
induction
Hopcroft
search-path
Schlesinger
Generalized
perplexity
Applying
expressive
average-case computational
Statistical information
experiment
dendrogram
consisting
Categories
segmentation
Supporting
respectively
hierarchical clustering
Computational
Sandbank
extra-linguistic knowledge
rule-like algebraic
published
equivalence
classification
Continuing
Languages
Ghahramani
one-to-one translation
constitute significant
significance criterion
beginning
construct generalized
Tomasello
Processes
acceptable
far-apart
Encyclopedia
particular
induction integrate
Procedure
grammatical sentences
challenge
Recogition
following
Grammar-Like
grammaticality judgment
Rethinking Innateness
McClelland
Induction
respective
productive
syntactic
pseudograph
Nevertheless
parameter
Structural
description
Technical
ATIS-CFG
bioinformatics
Progressive abstraction
ambiguous
Natural-language
effective
statistical computation
psycholinguistic
algorithms
fundamental
Acceptability
representation
bias-free
hierarchy
closeness
statistical
Brunswick
Psychology
structure-sensitive
Acquisition
conceptual knowledge
correspondence
introduce
Complexity
Inside-Outside algorithm
through-going
capability
principle difficult
hierarchical structure
probabilistic criterion
reasonable
constraints
generation
1,294-word
probability functions
constitute
assumption
CHILDES
part-of-speech information
automatic distillation
ungrammatical sentences
Astronomy
evaluation
artificial-grammar
patternlike
Acoustics
University
detecting
likelihood
definition
Cambridge
different precision
derivation
transition
iterative
Computation
Lingustics
grammatical
natural-language
additional equivalence
well-known
generative
impossible
800-sentence
Precision
construct
fan-through
intermediate
Association
Linguists
information-based
Rosenfeld
Dietterich
Macmillan
knowledge discovery
acquisition
bootstrap
generalization
unavailability
Workshop
sentences
Plunkett
Development
subjects
generalized
performance
multilingual
significant
integrate statistical
Foundation
Euclidean
Cameron-Faulkner
Goldberg
long-range agreement
Perplexity
incomplete
Kermorvant
sequential symbolic
Grammatical Inference
acceptability
threshold
homology
generativity¶
Doddington
implementation
proportion
operational
sentential
long-range structural
Kaufmann
Cognitive
dependent
complementary distribution
Generativity
Saarbrucken
characteristic
Seidenberg
left-going
classification performance
functional classification
International Conference
conceptual
approach
available
comparable
importance
hypothesis
interchangeable
acquiring
rightward
Addison­Wesley
influential
sensitive
sparseness
MacWhinney
contribution
large-scale
typological
Discussion
Finite-State
Piscataway
context-sensitive probabilistic
considering
acceptance
extraction
collocation
linguistic
Khudanpur
corresponding
coherence
precision
traversal
representative
performance comparable
Connectionist Perspective
Fillmore
Classification
ungrammatical
appearance
metaanalysis
evaluated
tree-structured
McCandless
situation
procedure
SVM-PROT
Furthermore
algorithmic approach
Linguistic
Heidelberg
different
syntactic information
longer-range
recursion
Karmiloff-Smith
distilled
Processing
postprocessing
literature
generalization­first
undecidable
d'Intelligence Artificielle
assignment
initialization
Barcelona
statistical information
G0-grammatical
generativity criterion
candidate significant
different order-permuted
Information Processing
generativity
Abbreviations
underlying
alternative
Fellbaum
Ctraining
candidate
generalization­bootstrap
variable-order
artificial context-free
Although
Commission
identical
Unfortunately
Algorithms
computational complexity
cognitive
MacDonald
indication
human-judged precision
replacement
Extraction
Pittsburgh
EuroSpeech'93
nonsimple
connecting
symbolic sequential
structural information
just-detected
algorithmic
Algorithm
equivalent
processing
illustration
restrictive
Proceedings
Computational Linguistics
state-of-the-art constituent
Microsoft
Mathematical
comparison
dependence
compatible
tree-terminal
alignable sentences
computational
Knowledge
functional
Ostendorf
Komarova
right-moving
Generalizing
histogram
hierarchical
incorporation
artificialgrammar
instructive
Daelemans
stochastic annotation
Categorization
Introduction
International Colloquium
influence
Binational
structure discovery
statistical significance
Mathematics
chromosome
physical
Francisco
application
functionality
deviation
long-range syntactic
Hillsdale
SWISSPROT
supporting information
structure
Swindlehurst
150-learner
algorithm
local-context significance
root-patterns
context-sensitive statistical
distributional
Artificial Intelligence
