three-dimensional structure
temperature dependence
allosteric communication
synthetic
fluorescence experiments
physiological
producing
quadruple
environment
Evolutionary information
analogous
energetic connectivity
ARTICLES Evolutionary
free-energy
activation
protein-water
Lichtarge
difference
cavity-creating
PROCHECKNMR49
accompanying
denaturation experiments
Higher-order
Simultaneous determination
inspection
unexpected
disordered
consistent
higher-order
perspective
canonical
non-redundant
mutational
specification
solid-like arrangement
Estabrook
Escherichia
multivariate
Determinants
DQF-COSY
Departments
understanding
METHODS Statistical
refinement
excellent agreement
physiology
siteindependent conservation
Allosteric
Lindorff-Larsen
couplings
implement
hydrophobic
Myoglobin
regardless
Laskowski
energylike statistical
substitutions
TALOS-based
proline-containing
achieving
coevolutionary interactions
CLUSTAL
Expression
polypeptide
Schreiber
correlation spectroscopy
One-dimensional
calculation
PSI-BLAST
Ligand-dependent
Eisenmesser
cooperativity
monitoring
well-expressed
back-translating
Kolmogorov­Smirnov
Structural
simplicity
energetic architecture
space-filling
polymerase
three-dimensional 15N-edited
loss-of-function
structure determination16
mutagenesis
SDS­polyacrylamide
redundant
hypotheses
complexity
specifying
fundamental
position-specific
representation
idiosyncratic
evolutionary
Biochemistry
Sixty-seven
spectrofluorometer
statistical couplings
DNA-oligonucleotide-based
Gardner2,3
manuscript
PROCHECK-NMR
compensatory
Experimental
derivative
Evolutionarily
combination
protein-protein interactions
solubility
two-state approximation
multidimensional
structural
investigator
ARTICLES sequences
Southwestern
nucleotide-binding
package44
package46
financial
generation
site-independent conservation
constitute
sequence43
Construction
thermodynamic
foundation
Long-range
University
divergence
possibility
threedimensional
coevolution
biological
three-stranded antiparallel
interaction
different site-specific
September
counterpart
Rockefeller University
probability
Mallinckrodt Foundation
computational algorithms
Accordingly
specificity
wild-type
three-way
perturbation
temperature
Overhauser
2Pharmacology
cavity-dependent
conservation
Structure-based alignment
3Biochemistry
molecular
structures
Monte-Carlo
interactions specifying
structure representative
Ranganathan1,2 Classical
Co-operative interactions
biochemical
Monte-Carlo-based
substantial
concentration
MacArthur
efficient
mechanism
sufficiency
MacKinnon
Forman-Kay
correlation
heterogeneous energetic
significant
intrinsic temperature
intrinsic
surprising
reversible transition
structure determination
proline-rich
principle
two-dimensional homonuclear
comparative statistical
minimizing
Supplementary Information
knowledge
electrophoresis
dystrophin
non-folded
equilibrium
frequency distribution
Nevertheless
BioMagResBank
Frauenfelder
recombinant
staphylococcal
progressive
differential
Statistical coevolution
computational modelling18,19
architecture
Conclusions Classical
allosteric
sensitivity
artificial sequences
insoluble
centrifugation
Ranganathan
heteronuclear
inter-atomic interactions
artificial
near-independent
Enzymology
identification
available
importance
Characteristic
efficiency
hypothesis
configuration
allosteric CRIB-PDZ
coupled30
mechanical interactions
participating
Statistical
distinction
contribution
expression
experimental
Ramachandran
intrinsic interactions
barnase-barstar
dimensional
Intramolecular signalling
sequences
kinase-associated
Cornilescu
two-dimensional double-quantum
incubation
Reidhaar-Olson
anisotropic
SDS­PAGE
Comparison
corresponding
Naturallike
sufficient
covariance
Consequently
equilibration
evolutionary conservation
mutation-induced
Supplementary
optimization
Crystallography
Energetics
structure characteristic
Additional
Perturbation experiments
Ranganathan laboratory
Correspondence
different
chromatography
indistinguishable
Understanding
one-quarter
domain-ENaC
composition
difficult
independent
literature
His8-tagged
Institute
counterparts
statistical information
necessity
invariance
magnitude nonadditivity
secondary structure
consistency
mutation-based
Vendruscolo
proximity
Molecular
alignment
visualization
flowchart
Acknowledgements
Fluorescence
independent biophysical
cooperative denaturation
Deciphering
necessary
ARTICLES NATURE|Vol
Influence
informative
arbitrary
alignments
15N-labelled
Hammes-Schiffer
sitespecific information
SCA-based
Application
evolution-based
protein-folding
NATURE|Vol
imidazole
phosphothreonine
processing
functional cooperativity
canonical proline-binding
absorbance
Characterizing
analysing
comparison
insufficient
Gradient-tailored
suppression
functional
energetic interactions
structural similarity
categorization
additional
dispersion
O'Donoghue
intramolecular signalling
synthesis
natural-like composition
overlapping
construction
convergence
tryptophan
considerable
algorithm
well-packed
phosphate
Experimental evaluation
heterogeneous
highlight
distribution
perturbation experiment
cooperative interactions
Publishing
Mangelsdorf
macromolecular structure
inter-strand
biochemistry
artificial alignment
Structure
excitation
convincing
functional importance
flow-through
important
globule-like
sonication
structure
energy-like statistical
fluorescence
FBP28WW
Principles
representative structure
resolution
