exclusive
evolutionary
Mutational
Bioessays
Similarly
Biochemistry
hetero-oligomerization
empirical observation
numbering
Stratagene
Phillips
selection
frequency
Evolutionarily Conserved
representative three-dimensional
Department
-S/T-X-V/I-COO­
functional macromolecular
Wilkinson
alignment
allostery
visualization
indicator
catalytic
Pharmacological
conduction
systematic calculation
technique
character
Boltzmann
maturation
three-dimensional structure
Eukaryotic
experiment
carboxylate
Although
multi-PDZ
NH2-terminal
evolutionary conservation
immediate environment
equilibrium
correspondence
simultaneous mutations
Evolution
individual measurement
Pfaffinger
permission
free-energy
frequencies
protein-protein interactions
Shaker-class
Nicholls
functional
energetic connectivity
Szilagyi
statistical energetic
cellular
conventional statistical
Lichtarge
Schreiber
difference
dithiothreitol
histidine
structural
Northampton
conserved positions
evolution
Ni­nitrilotriacetic
energetic perturbation
wild-type background
Pettigrew
positions
Washington
empirical evolutionary
realistic
distribution regardless
full-scale
arbitrary
co-crystallized
threonine hydroxyl
characteristic recognition
HighWire
deviation
significantly
reference
consistent
pRSET-B
antepenultimate
approximation
Kolmakova-Partensky
illustrate statistical
Conservation
measurement
discussions
Swiss-Prot
small-scale
binding-energy calculation
established
condiGm1
evaluation
mutational
interacting
Ranganathan
functional information
intuitive expectation
Thermodynamic
measurements
mechanical deformation
PDZ3psd-95
Site-directed mutagenesis
Casasnovas
magnitude
colorimetric
biological
Consequently
approach
Escherichia
imidazole
available
batch-bound
isopropyl- -D-thiogalactopyranoside
Statistical Mechanics
SCIENCE
University
Southwestern
divergence
fullscale
possibility
understanding
Conserved Pathways
Doolittle
20element
structure-based alignment
fluorescent
Alignments
Microsoft
Energetic Connectivity
definition
interaction
Molscript
Synchrotron Radiation
Morrissey
alignments
transition
eukaryotic
practical
propagation
energetic consequence
antigenbinding
TMRlabeled
reaction­
Statistical
Invitrogen
high-resolution
crystallographic
distributin
Boulevard
Copyright
energetic interaction
communication
log-order
fluorescence resonance
Advancement
REPORTS
transform
Single-letter
important determinant
Therefore
determine
Biotechnology
wild-type
proportional
isoleucine
quenching
alignment techniques
large-scale mutagenesis
stimulusdependent
additional
-F/Y-X-V/A-COO­
Burroughs-Wellcome
Altschul
trademark
predictions
cooperative interaction
compatibility
substrate specificity
Downloaded
conservation
high-affinity interaction
multinomial probability
hypothetical
Goldstein
Matthews
wildtype
dissociation
Association
REPORTS regulation
Bardwell
recipient
comparison
functional evolutionary
continuous
evaluating statistical
statistical mechanical
predictable
signaling
Bjorkman
derivatization
scatterplot
overnight
Radiation Laboratory
evolutionary constraint
population
abundance
conservation parameter
thermodynamic energetic
long-distance propagation
Rockford
Boltzi3j
oligomerization interface
September
individual
COOH-terminal
following
distribution
cellular scaffolding
Schillace
extracting
statistical interactions
Information
addressing
sugHoward
temperature
aromaticaromatic interactions
contribute
conventional mechanical
significant reorganization
conserved
substantial
statistical analysis
degenerate
concentration
PSI-BLAST
Assistant Investigator
information
conversion
Description
Lockless
Changeux
efficient
transcription
sequential establishment
indistinguishable
mechanism
arrangement
dependent
ligand-binding
Nevertheless
MacKinnon
distribution significantly
Bowditch
development
independent
OCTOBER
description
Investigator
Institute
thermodynamic
multiprotein signaling
different
collection
polymerase
individual statistical
important
pathways
significant
eukaryotic nonredundant
identical
energetic interactions
horizontal
guanylate
GLRender
subunit­ dependent
evolutionarily
Pharmacology
secondary structure
long-range
tetramethylrhodamine
Pertsemlidis
Principles
analysis
TMR-labeled
structure determination
Fletterick
Examples
fundamental
inactivation
Songyang
determination
redistribution
Gittelman
Kjeldgaard
representative
