remarkable
Long-term stability
Mountcastle
controversial
Department
Siegelbaum
responsiveness
inter-accessibility
physiological
environment
Experience strengthening
analogous
immunogold
expensive proposition
Takahashi
Trachtenberg
Identifying
hippocampal long-term
reasonable assumption
potentiation
short-range
transmission
interconnections4­6
neocortex41
biological
perceptual
monocular
Experience-dependent plasticity
morphology
higher-order
tangential
attributable
mammalian
thickness
experiment
reconstruction
University
presynaptic
understanding
elimination
interpret
Computational
outgrowth
experience
pre-screened
Kleinfeld
environmental enrichment
Dendritic stability
two-photon microscopy35
Dendritic remodelling
probability66
Distributed
flexibility
Nikonenko
experience-dependent plasticity
morphogenesis
anatomical
most-distal
Neuroscience
exhaustive
theoretical
preserving
disruption
Tessier-Lavigne
split-brain
particular
computer-simulated
Regardless
ubiquitinproteasome
challenge
perisynaptic
Selectivity
Phantom-limb
Inducible
structure-based
synapses84
experiential
timelapse
calculation
inaccessible
deafferentiation
McClelland
distinguishable
information
redundancy
Activation
Structural
Frotscher
description
modulation
connectivity
horizontal
to-be-selected
long-range
Kaczmarek
memory-related
complexity
representation
exclusive
interpretation
plasticity phenomena
stability
Modification
Class-specific
better-studied
longitudinal
Scientific
molecular mechanisms
interesting
Alpha-CaMKII-dependent plasticity
epileptic
subpopulation
microscopic
Bonhoeffer
interdisciplinary
AMPA-silent
subtraction
Braitenberg
Rumelhart
particular long-term
capricious
reasonable
Concentric
definitional
generate-and-test operations21,22
learning-related structural
simplicity
generation
mechanisms62
Maletic-Savatic
high-throughput serial-section
Experience-dependent
strengthening transmission
remodelling
long-term information
Presynaptic
integrative
combinatorial
hippocampal-dependent
induction
Presynaptic population
perception
Long-range
structural plasticity
mechanisms
possibility
approaches
Biomedical Engineering
definition
Cambridge
Stabilization
postsynaptic signalling
deprivation
transition
binocular interaction
Molecular mechanism
functional reorganization
high-resolution
Principles
Lateralized
Svoboda1,3
Theoretical
dysfunction
stimulation
learning-related flexibility
excitable
subcellular visualization
assumption
neurotransmitter
Physiology
relationship
Subsequent anatomical
retraction
population
congenital
pyramidal
connectionist
developmental plasticity
weight­plasticity
Postsynaptic
Facilitation
fluctuation
partnership
spine/dendrite/axon outgrowth
finer-grained
postsynaptic expression
substantial
functional architecture
Contrasting
efficient
convenient
olfactory
`immediate
mechanism
Subcellular functional
Kasischke
apposition
extending
significant
branching
topographic
Candidate biological
Somatosensory
Consistent
principle
learning64
synaptogenesis
diffusible
Learning-induced
longevity
convergence
metabotropic glutamate
postsynaptic
completion
trade-off
knowledge
spines76,77
long-range structural
morphological
Organization
contextual
substrate
worst-case
differential
microscopy
Calcium/calmodulin-dependent
experiencedependent plasticity63
Grutzendler
approaching
large-scale
peripheral
connections
individual
evaluation
learning-induced
identification
geometric
Lindquist
available
cell-to-cell redundancy
hippocampus
complementary
importance
complement
Differential
functional interpretation
in-principle advantage
Two-photon microscopy
uncertainty
connection
subthreshold
long-term
Laboratory
expression
experimental
somatosensory
coexistence
Activity-dependent remodeling
deprivation-induced plasticity
Lehmkuhle
`selection-at-a-distance
California
long-term potentiation
intracortical
Pyramidal
glutamatergic
retrospective
sufficient
presynaptic candidates
modelling
formation/elimination
Golgi­Cox morphological
Long-term
High-resolution
appearance
empirical
Zilberter
neocortical pyramidal
GABAergic
significant higher-order
Quairiaux
Furthermore
Electrophysiological
Silberberg
remodeling
anaesthesia
sparseness
schematic
subdomain
electronmicroscopy10
difficult
development
multiphoton microscopy
OCTOBER
Institute
postsynaptic composition
compatible postsynaptic
morphometric
Inference
cingulate
population Connected
Inaccessible
Information Processing
Experiments
quantitative
redistribution
Buonomano
Similarly
Subsequent
modifiable
Rioult-Pedotti
All-or-none potentiation
circuits1
alternative
Arithmetic
superficial
Chaigneau
gill-withdrawal
representational
Kirkwood
Skavenski
frontolateral
use-dependent
disappearance
Algorithms
large-scale plasticity
necessary
Filopodia
amputation
disease-related long-term
indication
Recognition
accessible
Longer-range
Turrigiano
outnumber
microcircuit
Gustafsson
short-term
dendrites60
pathological subcortical
integration
thalamocortical
Svennenfors
limitations
Frankland
McNaughton
equivalent
Darian-Smith
fluorescent
presynaptic population
comparison
Large-scale
simulation
behavioural enrichment8
Information
phantom-limb
communication
functional
appropriate
involvement
Molecules
activitydependent
biological mechanisms
single-molecule
`algorithmic
additional
quadratic
different presynaptic
fluorescent proteins75
Chklovskii1
activity-dependent
Fukunaga
Following
time-lapse
subcortical
Nimchinsky
robustness
learning-related plasticity
Merzenich
Beaurepaire
like-activated
Publishing
beginning
contribute
Greenough
Maturation
calcium/calmodulin-dependent
financial
Schematic
glutamate
intercalation
electrical
receptor-dependent
developmental
Hillsdale
neocortex
signalling
structure
transneuronal
correlated
reorganization
Activity-dependent plasticity
hippocampal
longer-range connections
Chklovskii
reversible
Interdependence
higher-order correlation
resolution
