Considering
gene-fusion
prioritizing
mainchain
Sternberg
similarity
Conclusions
Westbrook
Trump-Kallmeyer
Inhibitors
Srinivasan
Lichtarge
endonuclease Elongation
alternative
Molecular
integrity
alignment
interacting molecules
FGFR-3b
Sometimes
subcellular
receptors
FGFs-12
Schoorlemmer
affinity
Although
main-chain
extracellular
identical
Mannhaupt
confirmation
functional similarity
combination
dependent
expectation
different interactions
molecules
interrogation
Differential activation
background
macromolecular
Lys-278­Asp-9
intersection
structural
Lys-278-Asp-9
progression
Pellegrinin
identifying
approach
Marzioch
identified
favorable complexes
specific
homologous complexes
Frishman
biological
Interrogating
side-chain potential
Teichmann
inhibitor complexes
fold-recognition
Protein­Protein
three-dimensional
different interaction
alteration
angiogenesis
frequency
Postfach
Nevertheless
Signaling GRhoGAP
operation
crystallography
nonidentical complexes
Russell*
interacting
functional information
Cytokines­Receptors
Schreuder
Gilliland
inhibitors
intriguing
different interacting
experiment
Derivation
coimmunoprecipitation
databank
Guanylate
evaluation
protein­protein interactions
available
prediction accuracy
attention
importance
respectively
University
predicting
predicting interactions
agreement
standard
approaches
structure information
interaction promiscuity
expression
regulatory
intermediate
Plotnikov
Eisenberg
Inspection
Communicated
Otherwise
comparison
Computational
Ouzounis
enzymatic specificity
Large-scale
site-directed mutagenesis
determining
potential interaction
protein­protein interaction
eukaryotic
side-chain
participating
important
ALSCRIPT
Hannenhalli
Discussion Evaluation
Laboratory
Shindyalov
antibody
hydrophobic
crystallographic
Donaldson
Ultimately
two-hybrid experiments
significant
probability
large-scale
Szebenyi
physical interactions
functional
interface
Accordingly
Goldfarb
computational
Iliopoulos
different structures
empirical potentials
Accuracy
homologues
Pfeiffer
publication
Structural
Soffientini
cross-linking
morphogenesis
validating interactions
construct
annotation
regulation
conservation
receptors FGFR-1c
Salwinski
Mansfield
November
molecular
structures
knowledge
Peptidase
identified interacting
C-terminal
nonredundant
cyclin-dependent
peptidase inhibitor
experimental structural
considerable variation
laboratory
sufficient
Pellegrini
Elongation
Empirical
crystallographic structure
Schuller
Mohammadi
fibroblast
interaction
Pavletiich
signaling
Interaction
particular
Statistical Significance
Superimposing
Highland
percentage
inhibitor Peptidase
BIOCHEMISTRY Empirically
Evaluating Potential
two-hybrids
interaction detection
main-chain interactions
accordance
Ouellette
side-chain potentials
empirical
Encouragingly
molecular interaction
evaluating
demonstrate
distribution
procedure
Information
FGFR-inducible
salt-bridge
considerable redundancy
accessibility
Thompson
manuscript
interactions significant
side-chains
statistical significance
FGFR-2c
Jersey-New Brunswick
proteinase
Heidelberg
Assigning Statistical
compatible
different
MacArthur
Schaffer
Protein­protein interactions
measuring mitogenic
statistical confidence
DiGabriele
Hendrickson
Fibroblast
potential
Significant
significance
performance
protein-interacting
accuracy
development
Essentially
literature
surprising suggestion
Massague
thermodynamic
promiscuous
Schlessinger
Altschul
complexes
SWISSPROT
advertisement
mainchain conformations
jack-knife
compatibility
structure
intracellular signaling
MOLSCRIPT
considering homologous
particular side-chain
explicit
Perez-Iratxeta
analysis
structure determination
transient
regulating
experimental
Yanofsky
correlation
coordinate
molar-fraction
Sonnhammer
Lockshon
