represent
evolutionary
Defence/immunity
Microtubule
developed
non-parametric bootstrap
ss48429821­ ss48431291
accession
Boerwinkle
BLAST-like alignment
Examination
colorectal carcinoma
statistical
blindness
Department
inference
Molecular
Extracellular
alignment
demographic
Alpha-adducin
Halushka
amplification
disorders
arteriopathy
Apoptosis
Similarly
proportion
over-dominance
dystrophin
disequilibrium
Voltage-gated potassium
Universitetsparken
extensive
Keightley
Polymorphism
comparative population
advantage
apoptosis
overdominance
synonymous divergence
Immunoglobulin
balancing
sequencing
discernable darwinian
difference
Solanaceae
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
association
conventional McDonald­Kreitman
exhibiting
Weinreich
Reference
modulator
Sensitivity
Conditional
informative
non-synonymous
over-representation
arbitrary
analytical
biological
transcription Natural-killer-cell-mediated
Non-motor actin-binding
Distributions
nonsynonymous
synonymous differences
available
protein-coding
Drosophila homologue
Inheritance
Transcription
consistent
McDonald­Kreitman
Characterization
conservative assumption
differentiation
Arabidopsis
individual
statistic
self-incompatibility alleles24
Invariant
polymorphic
non-synonymous differences
generations/2N
Purugganan
Sninsky4
deleterious
association ðbpffiffiffiffi
chimpanzees
nucleoside
cardiovascular
discovery
coefficient
perception Molecular
complementary
University
Eyre-Walker
divergence
agreement
synonymous substitution
understanding
Fledel-Alon
nucleotide variability
concentrate
Microtubule-binding
non-lethal
non-disease
Comparisons
Distribution
likelihood
Simultaneous inference
neurogenesis
Computational
molecular evolution
September
non-muscle
perinatal
embryonic
Hypertension
signature
consequence
hypothesis
contingency
gametogenesis
Williamson1
regardless
identifying candidate
probability
non-neutral evolution
selection6­9
synonymous
Supplementary Information
neutrality
cytoskeletal
alternative explanation
mitochondrial
Nucleoside
darwinian
molecular adaptation
transport Intracellular
effective population
defence/immunity
confidence
likelihood-ratio
Biological Statistics
b-adducin
simplification
Tanenbaum3
causative
Correspondingly
California
Bioinformatics
replicate
metabolism
Association
pervasive
5Department
Histograms
Although
Rockville
differences
interesting
chimpanzee
environmental
6Department
Population
particular
different demographic
morbidity
considerable
Biosystems
congenital
Acknowledgements
METHODS Sequencing
Classification
Kulathinal
Wright­Fisher
robustness
directionality
Supplementary
Cytoskeletal
exploration
Cleveland
distribution
Information Accession
Hernandez1
purifying
Publishing
Bustamante
exon-specific polymerase
Furthermore
phylogenetic
financial
substantial
hypertension
simulation
regression
Bustamante1
Correspondence
non-repetitive
different
Williamson
LETTERS
essential hypertensive
efficient
transcription
Livingston
responsible
different molecular
paralogous
scinderin
Drosophila melanogaster
Cambridge
modification
parameter
square-root
Glanowski3
non-significant
independent
Parentheses
single-nucleotide
information
orthology
SEC31L1
nonneutral evolution
sarcospan
important
appreciable
significant
Diagnostics
Biotechnology
nucleotide
Huntington
structure
polymorphism
blood-pressure
development Gametogenesis
evolutionarily
Molecular Evolution
cytoskeletal protein-coding
Haplotype
dystrophy
Contrasting
Prediction
hierarchical
credibility
Copenhagen
Mann­Whitney
Contributions
