represent
selection
background
Goodlett
Bumgarner
Abbreviations
Frederick
nonparametric
distortion
determine
stringent
different integration
statistical
threshold
abundant
symmetric
dimensionality
calculate
parameters
Jaakkola
galactose utilization
proportion
Greenbaum
Azzalini
estimating
attractive
Additionally
imperative
intersection approaches
Simulated
correspondence
Numerical Analysis
high-throughput technologies
Stouffer
represent interactions
situation
different experimental
simplistic
Aebersold
High-throughput
illustrate characteristic
cellular
complement
rejection
labeling-based
intersection
Threshold Significance
discourage
Liptak­Stouffer
pertinent
presented
outperform
Washington
integration statistic
specific
iteration procedure
right-hand
Metropolis algorithm
measurement technology
biological
additional integration
Therefore
MM-based estimation
Management
three-dimensional
classical
simplicity
Infinitely
false-positive reduction
histogram
Contributed
prediction
Comparison
individual
perspective
statistic
integration procedure
producing asymmetric
small-scale
classical approaches
Academic
Selecting
transcriptional regulation
interference
SCIENCES Conclusions
boundaries
extrapolate
quantitative comparison
identification
technology producing
reconstruction
experimental perturbation
boundary
generalized framework
approach
University
performance degradation
available
mimicking
truepositive
minimization
complementary
importance
selecting
protein­protein interactions
component
confidence
illustration
standard
stopping
Mudholkar­George
homologous
negatives
demonstrate
Computational predictions
Distribution
Eisenberg
two-tailed
implicit
minimizing
comparison
limitation
Selection
user-specified threshold
irregular
Smoothing Techniques
geometric-mean
hyperbolic
reinforcing
simulation
maximizing statistical
different technologies
Joint-Significance Threshold
hypothesis
estimation
expression
particular cellular
Small-scale
Birnbaum
Aitchison
computational
necessary
probability
inclusion
distributed
physical interactions
protein­DNA interactions
Galitski
appropriate
Statistics
false-positive
applicability
isotope-coded affinity
Performance
proportional
illustrate
abundance measurements
noncentral distribution
POINTILLIST
perturbation
Thorsson
categorical
remainder
demonstration
computing
Illustration
Gilchrist
Introduction
operating characteristic
Determination
statement
Bioinformatics
Salwinski
selection threshold
November
Improved Threshold
insightful
transcriptional regulatory
generating
candidate true-positive
corresponding
Although
efficacy
Classical Approaches
APPLIED BIOLOGICAL
maximization
optimization algorithm
continuous
precision
sophisticated
Euclidean
organelles
heuristic
systematic
Hildebrand
spectrometry approaches
nonuniform distribution
considerable
illustrative
maximizing
abundance
Gauss-Legendre quadrature
applying
integrating
reliability parameter
Proteomics
challenge
iteration
determined
exemplar
Greenblatt
following
computational predictions
distribution
different high-throughput
independent
falsepositive
calculation
beginning
combining
optimizing
Integration
Thompson
reliability
spatiotemporal interactions
distribution parameters
BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES
performance advantage
nonoverlapping
difference
recalculated
technology
Christmas
statistical metaanalysis
Development
information
different
relationship
highthroughput measurements
tradeoff
efficient
Different experimental
illustrative examples
cumulative
comparable accuracy
following integration
integration methodology
application
potential
significance
objective
performance
sufficient
first-pass
accuracy
Butterbaugh Professorship
t-distribution
case-by-case
probabilistic
represent biomolecular
Meta-Analysis
preceding
correlation
Significance Threshold
differing
companion
membership
important
Different Integration
experimental technologies
significant
Bar-Joseph
positives
nonsmooth-decision boundaries
supporting information
chromatin immunoprecipitation
true-positive
hbolouri
false-negative
independently
correlated
Nesvizhskii
*Institute
effective
database
parametric
McGraw­Hill
explicit
Nonparametric
analysis
annealing
Examples
Determine
transcription
biotechnology
-threshold
