represent
RNAprocessing
similarity
different functional
eutherian radiation
Department
alignment-related ascertainment
Hillier,4
Hinrichs,1
identity-based
Mechanisms
Fleischmann
genedense
two-state phylogenetic
excluded
DNA-binding
Ovcharenko
Spieth,4
coordinate regulator
belonging
Duplication
Biocomputing
transposon
-flanking
trans-acting antisense
Oda-Ishii
replication
RNAbinding
HG02238
anonymous
difference
calibration procedure
Transcriptional
Chiaromonte
Reference
fourfold degenerate
GO:0007268 GO:0030154
ARHGAP15
inspection
nonrepetitive noncoding
predicCooper
Batzoglou
consistent
repetitive
estimates
phylogenetic shadowing
structure prediction
Efficient identification
base-level
realistic
Bejerano,1
Stojanovic
synonymous substitutions
established
mutational
maximum-likelihood parameter
trans-dev
Base-by-base conservation
Improvements
target-site
Weinstock
transcription regulator
Supplemental
statistical esticoverage
segmentation
explosion
Secondary structure
eutherian
respectively
parameter estimates
nucleotide substitutions
secondary structures
Education
high-CNF
separation
Published
consideration
stem-pairing
genome-wide human/mouse
determining secondary
Pfeiffer
noticeable
5-nucleotide
elaborate
Space/Time
log-odds
paradoxus
kudriavzevii
GO:0007275 GO:0005216
Alternative
MicroRNA-directed
CACNA1D
intergenic conserved
additional complexity
cell­cell signaling
GO:0007267 GO:0016071
effective population
experimentation
Fractions
mammal-specific conservation
Corresponding
Mitchison
genome-wide alignments
phylogenetic information
predictions
substitutions
Bioinformatics
annotations
human­mouse
GO:0007399 GO:0009887
Histograms
finger/homeodomain transcription
SK-N-AS
Blakesley
Large-scale clustering
interaction
particular
Expression
analogous
RNA-binding
human/mouse substitutions
homeobox
Characterization
ELAV-like
mammalian
megabase-sized
Conserved
deficiencies
PhastCons Conserved
Comparative
tissue-specific alternative
Visualizing
specialized
purifying selection
Haussler1,2
Untranslated
metamorphosis
Categories
simulation
practical
mojavensis
nearperfect
discussion
permission
Blumenthal
dependent
Clawson,1
important cellular
Functional enrichment
Sequencing
widespread post-transcriptional
genome-wide
parameter
significant mammal-specific
Biomolecular
RNA-edited
different categories
cis-regulators
alternative calibration
Selective constraint
cis-regulatory
meaningful
annotation
Callaway
compensatory substitutions
Churchill
effective
complementary sequences
long-range
recombination
microtubule-based
correspond
ether-a-go-go
lineage-specific conserved
negligible
correlation
GO:0009653 GO:0008066
Kimura-Yoshida
parameter estimation
non-coding
antisense
HNRPA28
morphogenesis glutamate
Weinstock,5
statistical
GO:0003723 GO:0007268
manuscript
interesting
Scamuffa
nonconserved phylogenies
Johnstone
nonorthologous
Kulbokas
Evolution
PHylogenetic
stochastic context-free
identifying sequences
smoothness constraint
non-negligible
Rincon-Limas
GO:0008066 GO:0008134
noncoding sequences
Simulation
framework
Ashburner
GO:0006333 GO:0007399
smoothness
association
structural
SYNCRIP
significant enrichment
influencing subcellular
GO:0016071 GO:0006397
Sequencing Consortium
classified
GO:0006397 GO:0006512
post-transcriptional regulation
composition
transmission
reasonable
Bouffard
Blanchette
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
constraints
biological complexity
Phylogenetic estimation
Bliskovski
hypergeometric
human/chicken comparisons
Anopheles
Rosenbloom,1
noncoding conservation
Siepel,1,6
Hoopengardner
Supplemental Interestingly
principled
Medstrand
conserved non-coding
Development
California Biotechnology
Noncoding sequences
sequences conserved
investigation
Grzybowska
GO:0008134 GO:0005515
homothorax
Probabilistic
Evolutionary conservation
Constrained ancestral
foundation
neurotransmission
near-perfect complementarity
University
Sometimes
divergence
multi-species conserved
possibility
difficulty
Yamamoto
homologous
regulatory
base-by-base conservation
likelihood
posterior probability
ultraconserved
information threshold
Rosenberg
featureBits
Chinwalla
transition
Phylogenetic shadowing
length-dependent
identifying conserved
Evolutionarily conserved
consequence
stimulate
human/rodent ultraconserved
whole-genome alignments
probability
mammalian ancestral
Accordingly
specificity
Probably
conserved phylogeny
diversification
comFigure
publication
PhastCons PhastCons
Antoshechkin
Downloaded
regulation
intermediate
percentage
structures
insightful
forward/backward algorithm
Cambridge University
genome-wide predictions
phylo-SCFG
relationship
explanation
prediction
Zajac-Kaye
translation
additional evolutionary
secondary structure
organogenesis morphogenesis
Ogurtsov
intergenic
Washington University
discriminating
preparation
functional sequences
protein-coding constraints
quantitative comparison
References
Aruscavage
post-transcriptional regulatory
McDowell
extracting
structural constraints
unchanged
Vertebrate
substantial
Potential involvement
gene-poor
evolutionary divergence
Lindblad-Toh
Patterson
transcription
thorough
potential
GO:0030528 GO:0007275
posterior probabilities
effectiveness
cross-species
Stevenson
accuracy
Sanderson
antisense transcription
State-transition
decreasing
context-dependent substitution
GO:0005216 GO:0006333
eukaryotes
human/chicken high-CNF
Biological
cis-acting
probabilistic
considered
particular categories
traditional
continuous-valued
phastCons high-CNF
multi-species
differential expression
incomplete
falsegenome human/mouse/rat
phenomenon
Slightom
genomewide
Multiple-sequence
processing ubiquitin
Srinivasan
threshold
knowledge
extensive secondary
chromatin structure
orthologous sequences
posttranscriptional regulatory
phylo-HMM
represented individual
nucleotide substitution
equilibrium
intersect
subcellular localization
Nevertheless
nonstem-pairing component
Ancestral
Brandstrom
phylogenetic stochastic
Pedersen,1
Siedlecki
appreciable improvement
secondary
evolution
approach
transposition
predicted
GO:0005515 GO:0007018
GAL4-binding
conserved noncoding
Distributions
noncoding constraints
erroneous
reference
electroporation
sensitivity
Human/chicken
low-alignment
detection
individual
cell-cell signaling
predicted conserved
Shabalina
forthcoming
structures important
interacting
McAuliffe
Caenorhabditis
Similarly
Felsenstein
functional classification
maximumlikelihood parameter
Human­mouse alignments
identification
tolerance
likelihood estimates
available
occurring antisense
Cunningham
complementary
importance
efficiency
eukaryotic
as-yet-undiscovered functions
hypothesis
Covariation
GO:0007018 GO:0003723
microRNA
ancestral alignment
Bekiranov
GO:0003677 GO:0030528
sensitive
connection
Boffelli
Statistical
Laboratory
Conversely
experimental
Computational discovery
filtering
MicroRNA
Multi-LAGAN
large-scale
nucleotide polymorphism
polyadenylation-binding
Discussion
community
sequences
Miller,3
mammalian/vertebrate ultraconserved
neurogenesis
functional annotation
tremendous
O'Connor
vertebrate
Hariharan
California
differentiation cell-cell
Goldstein
eightfold
Horizontal
Ontology
Margulies
hand-curated
Feierbach
Comparison
graphical
Especially
Kondrashov
Pennsylvania
state-transition probabilities
Post-transcriptional regulation
Naturally occurring
determination
Plajzer-Frick
Wilson,4
pseudoobscura
evolutionary conservation
molecular evolution
Transposable
alternative pre-messenger
human/Fugu conserved
non-coding sequences
structural constituent
expectation maximization
eukaryotic translation
Supplementary
Endrizzi
regulatory variation
selective constraint
widespread conservation
Wilczynska
PhastCons
Griffiths-Jones
purifying
Assessing
Additional
averaging
Furthermore
Richards,5
Stokowski
comparative
cross-species conservation
ubiquitin
combination
RNA-edited potassium
human/chicken ultraconserved
underestimate
human/mouse comparisons
accumulating
sense/antisense transcriptional
Balakrishnan
difficult
development
Regulatory functions
Affymetrix/NCI
molecular functions
cisregulatory
Institute
comprehensive
Biotechnology fellowship
constraining
stochastic contextfree
Macmenamin
Comparative Sequencing
non-genic conserved
phastCons
arbitrary threshold
Up-to-date
Dermitzakis
neuropathy
nevertheless
Hirschsprung
analyzing conservation
marginalizing
coordinate
unification
Kobayashi
Tatusova
stringent
sense-antisense transcription
CpG-binding
Mendelian Inheritance
Jongeneel
human/rodent
selection procedure
Molecular
Elroy-Stein
alignment
visualization
overlapped
Predicted conserved
below-average
characterization
nonpairing
Combinatorial microRNA
Kronmiller
attractive
alignable
noncoding functional
Annotation
identical
orthologous conserved
insensitive
GO:0009887 GO:0009653
parameter-rich
widespread secondary
phylogeny
background
sequencing
Blankespoor
interpretability
cerevisiae
necessary
Schwartz
allowable structures
regulatory potential
user-defined
Predicted vertebrate
informative
RepeatMasker
arbitrary
rearrangement
alignments
essential
ananassae
protein-coding
top-scoring
conditional
References Aruscavage
branch-length
available continuous-time
Conservation
ENCyclopedia
International
Fragments
information theoretic
multi-species sequences
developmental
describing
Uchikawa
Evaluation
fivefold
transcript stability
conserved phylogenetic
human/chicken conservation
Karolchik
equivalent
agreement
substitution
two-species
substantial enrichment
ontology
Affymetrix transcriptional
Beckstrom-Sternberg
comparison
Rosenbloom
constraint
Generation
regulatory sequences
approximate quantitative
Statistics describing
dependency
Systematic discovery
Donaldson
computational
transposable
orientation
intronic/intergenic
preliminary
appropriate
Identification
false-positive
Hirschman
individual parameter
additional
translatability
Kolmogorov-Smirnov
approximate
overestimate
Computational Molecular
Transcriptome
BLAST-like alignment
voltage-gated
metabolism
pufferfish
kluyveri
different branch-length
independent annotations
neurogenesis organogenesis
trans-dev categories
space-time
circumstantial
algorithm
stem-loop
phastCons conservation
Widespread occurrence
nonconserved
Engineering
Ovachrenko
distribution
GO:0030154 GO:0007267
Wagner-McPherson
introducing
Efficient
Remington
correction
paraneoplastic
significant fracother
appropriate parameter
db=OMIM
glutamate
chromosome
functions
Description
Noncoding
stationarity
inmouse/rat alignments
considered significant
whole-genome alignment
transport
Drosophila melanogaster
Tello-Ruiz
variation
unannotated
functional noncoding
conserved sequences
IP41HG02371
RNA-editing
translation initiation
enhancers
Ultraconserved
prevalent
Drosophila
different calibration
selectional explanation
retardation
enrichment
