memory/CPU
represent
sequence alignment
selection
first-pass automatic
abundant famimisleading
desirable
WU-BLAST
erroneous splitting
Research
clustered
visualization
controversial
Department
Schleiermacher
incremental analysis
abundant
Morgenstern
Clustering Algorithms
Consensusc
relasuch
probability
parameters
interesting
different biological
Molecular
Non-Alus
considering
Samoilova
reevaluated
Ohlebusch
regardlogical scenarios
computational complexity
biological scenarios
sequence database
Intelligent
automatic classification
defining
distinction
Received
adjacent
spurious
Tc7-partial
constructed beCertain
Interfamily Similarity
Analysis
tionship determination
similarity detection
objective
genome-scale analysis
Giegerich
cellular
Missouri
sequencing
difference
Microbiology
contamination
secondary
significant aggregation
evolution
necessary
schematic structure
Selection
Sequencing Consortium
numerous
identified
juxtaposition
construction procedure
Reevaluation
RepeatMasker
reasonable
arbitrary
hiFigure
servation
randomaccess
incorrect splitting
predominant
wordmask
protein-coding
erroneous
platform
statistical
sequence
generation
Different biological
phenomena
threshold
individual
reevaluation
particular combination
Determination Procedure
Existing
phenotype paradigm
analysis
alignable sequences
sequence identified
evaluation
Plasterk
retrovirus-like
Alu-containing
transaldolase-associated repetitive
Caenorhabditis
subsequent
high-frequency
sequence libraries
segment-to-segment approach
fragmentary
conservative
boundaries
representative sequence
original definition
identification
eliminate
International Conference
fractional
clustering algorithm
boundary
pairTable
approach
DIALIGN2
McClintock
available
somewhat
processing
algorithmic
Delineation
Algorithm
heuristic
respectively
equivalent
reasonable clustering
component
Graphical
canonical sequence
REFERENCES
efficiency
eukaryotic
Doolittle
Automated clustering
genome-scale
Published
composite bacterial
described
configuration
beginning
REsystematically
comparison
ill-defined
Computational
extension
polymerase
precursor
significant sequence
dependent replication
iterative
Proceedings
ignoring
practical
addition
misleading
Analyzing
segmental
Computation
aligning
Transposon
homologous
suitable
trimeric
frequent
large-scale comparative
Relationship Determination
erarchical evolutionary
DIALIGN
transposable
advertisement
classification
large-scale
WU-BLASTN
inRECON
substitution
DISCUSSION contamination
Construct
misleading endpoints
Detecting repetition
Identification
Therefore
CROSSMATCH
Flowchart
classificaare
envision
clustering
upRepeatMasker
significant improvement
Corresponding
publication
Difficulty
distinct
probabilistic
indispensable
retroalignment information
Downloaded
relationship determination
L1-corresponding
California
therefore
Automated
respecpractical
Otherwise
sensitivity
possible
reevaluate
Definition
corresponding
Although
multielement
composite
simplistic classifiwhereas
Bioinformatics
training
self-comparison
necImages
systematic
particular
processing short-period
outermost alignment
sequence similarity
different inference
Procedure
acknowledge financial
neologism
all-versus-all comparison
parameter optimization
f46/MaLR
Transposable
organization
Foundation
accordance
Consensus sequences
Marshall
definition
RESULTS
three-fold
species-specific
Zuckerkandl
subsequence
frequency
evolutionary continuum
repeat-rich
MaLR-corresponding
situation
autonomous
endpoints
coincidental juxtaposition
biological boundaries
inferring
Incorrect
alignment endpoints
Implementation
FitzHugh
syntopic
Clusterb
Furthermore
asymptotic analysis
elelength
alignment information
yielding incorrect
degenerate
full-length
segmental duplication
spanning
Assessment
All-versus-all comparison
containing
approach evaluating
recovery
multiple alignment
Sonnhammer
Repeatall
arrangement
majority
Construction Procedure
Repetitive sequences
input/output
aggressive threshold
satisfactory
significance
METHODS Components
filtered
multiple sequence
unalignable sequences
corresponding biological
composition
postprocessing
independent
description
consensus sequence
opposite
Institute
comprehensive
Sequence Families
different
aggregation
Improvement
important
significant
Laboratory
meaningful
annotation
Automatically
Sequenced
Sapienza
Inference
performance
algorithm
Washington University
RepeatMasker annotation
Telos/Springer-Verlag
parameter
platypus
together
December
sequence clustered
represent full-length
repetitive sequences
procedure
LTR+internal
determination procedure
DBI-0077709
different RepeatMasker
maskextra
