survival analysis
selection
Liljeros
male-male
similarity
institutional
proximity
extracurricular
individual attributes
stability
obstruction
interpersonal
Fractional
Department
Volinsky
Analogous
Crosscutting
indicator
Cresskill
longitudinal
clustering coefficient
Pregibon
vicinity
environment
interested
relevance
Lazarsfeld
equilibrium
correspondence
activities
Evolution
combination
permission
Nevertheless
timestamp
fractional
individuals_ attributes
cultural
anonymous
difference
compounding
Network-level
structural
Rapoport
evolution
Schwartz
progression
identifying
university
Washington
appropriate
specific
magnitude
reasonable
proportion
essential
bridging
illuminate
reference
independent
supporting
Stability
information processing
plausible
individual
McPherson
Hutchins
acquaintance
deactivate
equivalent information
assistance
organizational structure
departmental affiliation
consecutive
geometric
available
cooperative relationships
simultaneously
SCIENCE
component
confidence
standard
interpersonal communication
protection
formation
interchangeable
understanding
likelihood
topology
Cambridge
December
transition
Networks
Empirical Analysis
sensitive
connection
Diffusion
attributes
high-resolution
Everyday
exploiting cross-cutting
appropriately
Copyright
communication
approximate instantaneous
Clustering coefficient
Advancement
community
cross-sectional
generative
undergraduate
individual-level
Evolving
attendance
comparing
trademark
smoothing
Downloaded
assumption
initiation
face-to-face
November
theoretical
Association
Columbia University
Acquaintance
direction
corresponding
relationship
JANUARY
empirical probability
realization
Kossinets
covariance
Academic
Kleinberg
particular
McDonnell Foundation
potential
population
diffusion
multivariate survival
structural constraint
embedded
indefinitely
approximations
Dissimilarity coefficient
empirical
References
following
distribution
covariate
collecting
Information
Sociology
averaging
Furthermore
influence
telephone
exogenous
Blackwell
university community
emphasizing
equivalent stability
Haythornthwaite
regression
physical
Granovetter
information
different
female-male
female-female
acquaintances
additional acquaintances
faceto-face interaction
particular environment
performance
conflicting relationships
intermediary
conflicting
Econsistent
Smith-Lovin
Institute
Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic
correlation
collection
HighWire
Comparative
significant
opportunity
intention
bilateral
professor
analysis
academic
time-stamped
Economic
mediating individual
subsequent
Wasserman
Strogatz
corporate
