responsible
Dana-Farber
Frederick
different developmental
Fellowship
statistical
Department
Molecular
frequency determination
availability
Supplementary Information
cisregulatory
Foundation
amplification
interests statement
two-sided
species-specific nucleotide
regulatory differences
hypothetical regulatory
Waterbury
interactions
interspecific differences
environment
trans-regulatory
trans-acting
compensatory
lethality
messenger
Acknowledgements
Transregulatory divergence
Protocols
divergent
Blackwell
Evolution
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
insensitive
Pyrosequencing8
downstream
divergent cis-regulatory
different experimental
homogenate
adults11
unification
background
transregulation
emergence
conserved
structural
oogenesis
evolution
Evolutionary
identifying
widespread transacting
colour-coded
accordance
cis-regulatory divergence
magnitude
Weatherbee
biological
Ashburner
expression divergence
functional cis-regulatory
financial
Castillo-Davis
different interaction
normalization procedure
consistent
AAGAGTGAGCACAACCAcaaccacggactggtgctcgaaAACCACAGCGAGTCGCACCACG AAGAGTGAGCACAACCAcaaccacggactggtgctcgaaAACCACAGCGAGTCGCACCACG
circadian
approximation
divergent expression
Distinguishing
development
Cis-regulatory differences
manufacturer
Detection
Development
environmental variation
inviability
complementary
genes5,6
significant expression
high-confidence interactions
expression-profiling compendium
expression difference
transcript stability
robustness3,4
Massachusetts
respectively
nonparametric Mann­Whitney
protein­protein interactions
topological
available
epigenetic variation
Tsimbazaza
allele-specific
Robustness
trans-regulatory divergence
dissection
component
Goldberg2
hypothesis
coevolution
Kruskal­Wallis
cis-regulation
nonbiological scale-free
logarithmic
parent-of-origin
Trans-acting regulatory
comparison
interaction detection
Computational
enzymatic
Meiklejohn
identifiable
nucleotide incorporation
modularity
experience
Altshuler
`Pyro-reverse
scale-free protein­protein
snap-frozen
Statistical
experimental assistance
expression
experimental
false-positive interactions
Sex-dependent
inference
gene-specific
Trans-regulatory differences
Kruglyak
Consortium
community
Two-tailed
Questembert-Balaban
regulatory
`Dynamique
Asterisks
`filtered
proportional
horizontal
trans-regulatory differences
confidence
Diversity
additional
comparing
variation
technical assistance
regulation
interactome
transcriptional regulation
extraction
duplicate
replicate
normalization
Single-nucleotide polymorphism
Regulatory
threefold
molecular
Vogelstein
correction
synthesis
Comparison
corresponding
asymmetric
Isolation
sufficient
coherence
Sawamura
flowthrough
extraction efficiency
representative
molecular function13,14
Differential expression
Princeton University
population
abundance
Volkerding
`interactome
high-quality
confidence intervals
reciprocal
Extraction
cis-regulatory differences
CGAGATCGGCGGCACCAAGCagaagctgaagatcctgcaccc CGAGATCGGCGGCACCAAGCagaagctgaagatcctgcaccc
metabolism
preparation
resistant
regulatory variation
distribution
Hirschhorn
functional cisregulatory
Madhavarapu
denaturing
Publishing
extending Pyrosequencing
prevalence
protein­protein interaction
Significant heterogeneity
contribute
Biotechniques
respective
antagonistic
quantification
nucleotide difference
metamorphosis
respiration
transcription initiation
significant proportion
intersecting
Houchmandzadeh
Recherche Scientifique
combining expression
different
Goldbeter
interspecific expression
MelF1/SimF1
significant differences
sensitive
independent microarray
Competing interests
Velculescu
reactivite
Jing-Dong
biotinylated
cisregulatory divergence
Drosophila melanogaster
significance
widespread
Thirty-four
difficult
lineage-specific
Correspondence
information
Institute
Pyrosequencing Differences
containing
collection
significant cis-regulatory
expression differences
connectivity
Hollocher
morphological identification
Biological Chemistry
cis-regulatory
Biological
cis-acting
Resetting
compatibility
species-specific transcripts
Wittkopp
Characterization
Pyrograms
surprising
Drosophila
orthologous
Undergraduate
trans-regulation
Expression
sterility
transregulatory
annealing
analysis10
negligible
regulatory divergence
melanogaster
Worcester
quantitative
Molecular Pharmacology
nucleotide differences
reciprocal interspecific
