bacterium Helicobacter
27-yearold
statistical
Department
metabolic5,11
Ross-Macdonald
phase-contrast microscopy
Barab嫳i
topological
treatment
Although
lethality
postmortem
population
significant reduction
extracerebral
inhomogeneous scale-free
short-length
individual biochemical
Animating
cerevisiae
contextual
differentiated
Characteristics
transferrin
informative
Fibronectin
architecture
biological
Pathology
topological component
therapeutic
senescence
platelet-derived
inhomogeneous structure
understanding
differentiation
fibronectin
individual
Phenotype
Progenitor
glutamine
interacting
connective
myofibromatosis
Representative
11-week-old postnatal
evolutionary selection
protein計rotein interactions
Differentiated
hippocampus
importance
University
agreement
expansion
*Department
systematic twohybrid
efficiency
forskolin
systematic protein計rotein
Eisenberg
likelihood
simultaneous tolerance
mediating interactions
withdrawing
protein計rotein interaction
essential
ventricular
neurodegenerative
long-term
phenotypic consequence
digestion
successful propagation
probability
large-scale
possessing
functional
systematic mutagenesis
Lethality
Esitmated
fibronectin-coated
postnatal
cerevisiae protein計rotein
Proliferative
additional
centrality
progenitor
oligodendrocyte
molecular
hippocampal formation
large-scale structure
amphotericin-B
rank-ordered
proliferative
post-mortem
fragility
stem-cell
fibroblast
hierarchical
neurofilament
Macmillan Magazines
tissue3,4
epidermal
Oligodendrocytes
robustness
27-year-old
identical protein-network
post-mitotic
exponential topology
non-overlapping
correction
substantial
integrated approach
Stellenbosch
cultures3,4
different
redundancy
Northwestern University
correlation coefficient
penicillin
fibrillary
application
Cellular
antibiotic-containing
parameter
indispensability
simultaneous emergence
connectivity
important
Barthelemy
demonstrating
quantitative
post-genomic
Connectivity distribution
nonlethal
scale-free topology
buffered-salt
callosum
organization
streptomycin
heterogeneous scale-free
