aminopropyl precursor
Westbrook
Conjugation
Electrophoresis
Department
displaying
fluorophore
synthetic
Polyamides
technique
Histogram
rank-order
highquality
analogous
PA2­Exd
G-quadruplex
transcriptome
difference
fluorescence intensity
positions
biological
Remarkably
accumulation
employing
consistent
Contributed
prediction
equilibrium association
feasibility
recruitment
motif-searching
Exd-binding
Comprehensive Mutational
experiment
trifluoroacetic
background-subtracted intensity
Informatics
University
Supporting
respectively
Singh-Gasson
understanding
protection
Analytical
DNAbinding specificity
technical
permutation
resonance
Technology
examining
temperature overnight
stabilization
Comprehensive mutational
heterocycle
Therefore
biophysical
nonstringent
duplicate
examination
Bioinformatics
Cambridge
particular
Representation
abundance
Schreiber
polyamide-peptide
homeobox transcription
motif-finding
different positions
Kratochvil
calculation
symmetric polyamide
important challenge
Intelligent
comprehensive mutational
arrangement
positional
necessary
nontrivial
genome-wide
coregulated
Computation
ultrabithorax
Schneider
Oligonucleotides
systematic approach
background-subtracted
mutagenesis
recombination
solid-phase synthesis
identifying regulatory
Sequences
finalized
Biochemistry
programmable DNAbinding
Raffaelle
Phillips
polyamide -aminobutyric
Brezinski
different synthetic
Consensus Consensus
Validation
acknowledge
conjugation
Cy3-labeled
selfcomplementary
Irizarry
correspondence
polyamide-Cy3 conjugate
ImPy*PyPy- -ImPyPyPy-
structural
N-FYPWMK-C
-aminobutyric
Synthesizer
ChIP-chip approach
identifier
reactions
Transcription
double-stranded
displacement
Structures
systematic evolution
Engineered
Formation
PA3­Exd
acrylamide
PA2-Exd
acetonitrile
Colantuoni
cooperatively
MALDI-TOF
GITVSQVSN
designing molecules
formation
oligonucleotide
Ohnhauser
detecting
Consensus NGANWGWC
interaction
Kuznetsov
determining
Cooperative
Microarray
Szewczyk
occupancy
PA23031
single-stranded
intermediate
GENEPIX
statement
dimethylaminopripylamide
relationship
C91H112N24O17S2
azeotropic distillation
Humphrey
ScanArray
much-needed high-throughput
intergenic
oligonucleotides
ImImPy*Py-ImPyPyPy-
high-throughput approach
maleimide Mono-Reactive
intensities
biochemical
Zeitlinger
N-methylimidazole
BIOLOGICAL SCIENCES
concentration
Development
Patterson
correlation coefficient
potential
amine-reactive
Kielkopf
accuracy
complexes
NGANNWGWC
dimethylaminopropylamine
nucleotide
observation
nonlinearity
Instruments
array-to-array variability
phthalimide
background fluorescence
selection
right-handed
sequence-specific DNAbinding
bioinformatic
dinucleotide
knowledge
chromatin-immunoprecipitated
NimbleGen
monoisotopic
RKRRNFSK
quantified
Aggarwal
individual complementary
composite consensus
Intensities
conjunction
Intensity
analytical
sequence-recognition
solid-phase extraction
California Institute
polyamide-binding
intensity
LaRonde-LeBlanc
integrative perspective
Wisconsin
interacting
methionine
International Conference
consecutive
geometric
Polyamide
importance
Determining
complement
Gilliland
comprehensive ligand-binding
potassium glutamate
Foundation­March
Nmethylpyrrole
discernible
ring-pairing
Individual
contribution
phthalimidopropyl
DNA-binding transcription
Discussion
hexapeptide
ImImPy*Py- -ImPyPyPy-
suboptimal
sonicating
recognition landscape
replicate
high-density oligonucleotide
Kendziorski
Wolberger
PA3-Exd
determinant
APPLIED BIOLOGICAL
sufficient
Subsequently
CambridgeSoft
Endrizzi
quantile-normalized
elucidation
orientation
Furthermore
DNA-binding molecules
eukaryotic transcription
phenylacetamidomethyl
technology
different
Replacing
microarray
solution-based footprinting
Wisconsin Industrial
structural alignment
comprehensive
§Division
ball-and-stick schematic
normalization
labor-intensive
DNA-intercalating fluorescent
expression
Exd-R2C
polyamide­Exd
experimental
incapable
inability
N-methyl
comprehensive high-throughput
stringent
Abbreviations
Wingender
Molecular
underline
T15LM007359
Chromatin
end-fraying
application
exponential enrichment
cooperative assembly
treatment
Although
identical
preference
extradenticle
molecules Christopher
microfabricated
EEAKEELARK
identifying
Homopolymer
Microarrays
unexpected preference
consensus
informative
alignments
essential
accessible
Mukherjee
imization
Boc-based solid-phase
minimization
agreement
substitution
Billerica
Chemistry
limitation
Drosophila development
significant confidence
important
Shindyalov
microarray hybridization
WFGNKRIRYK
computational
molecular recognition
34-residue oligonucleotide
Duplicate
methylene
unambiguous
supporting information
Illustration
Rauskolb
Luscombe
synthesizer
synthetic molecules
ChIP-chip
solution-phase medium-throughput
overlapping
overrepresent
non-B-form
GM51747
Forty-mer
Polyamide-Cy3 conjugate
instructive
Engineering
phosphate
preparative
demonstrate
Vanderploeg
CHEMDRAW
phylogenetic
NGANGGWC
carboxyl
DNAbinding molecules
physiological importance
Schematic
chromosome
Woodbury
signal-to-noise
Hauschild
Wieschaus
N-methylpyrrole
scientific community
anhydrous dimethylformamide
Structure
deviation
different molecules
Medium-throughput
polyamidepeptide
structure
polyamide
fluorescence
Pharmacia
