underlying biological
disease-free
two-dimensional
similarity
node-negative
circuitry
Department
discordant
cell-mediated
puromycin-resistant
technique
AF063725
AJ225092 IGKV3D-15
Metastatic
extensive lymphocytic
neuro®bromin-de®cient
dissection
DEKFNLKLVIKPAKVTPAPTLQRDFTAAFPRMLTTRGHGPAETQTLGSLPDINLTQISTL
development conference
two-dimensional clustering
KIAA0175
macrophage activation
glomerulosa
difference
Neuro®bromatosis Foundation
leaveone-out
Th1-speci®c
ligand-independent transcriptional
induction
Thresholds
NF1-regulated
AA555029RC
carcinomas distinguish
organ-speci®c autoimmune
prognosis classi®cation
FLJ20262 AL133619
quanti®ed
Polychemotherapy
Trialists
guidelines
Frankland
AL080059
optimized sensitivity
non-redundant
established
Chromosomes
thickness
agglomerative hierarchical
biological mechanism
multivariate
proliferation
eligibility
respectively
hierarchical clustering
behaviour
Hyperactivation
Green®eld*²
Surprisingly
snap-frozen
Technology
pathological
interferon
prognosis signature
Inpharmatics
angioinvasion
AL110139 FLJ12538
technical assistance
Ras-dependent
angioinvasive
Neuroscience
assessment
Schreiber³
rank-ordered
two-layer classi®cation
cooperate
ER-negative
Forty-four
Macmillan Magazines
Twenty-®ve
Expression
Molecular Carcinogenesis
mammalian
metastases
BMS191563
AF052162
LOC57823 LOC57823
Identi®cation
IHCstained
Chemotherapy
ER-positive
transduction
FLJ20340 AF103530
Supervised classi®cation
Distinctive
Activation
prognosis
parameter
classifying
Augustinus
histopathological prognostic
experimental autoimmune
containing
collection
polymerase
annotation
Multifactorial
performance cross-validation
Hogervorst
signature prediction
Sequences
mastectomy
Twodimensional presentation
¯uorescent
administration
`leave-oneout
Minnesota
leave-one-out classi®cation
expression signature
Transcriptional activation
interests statement
FLJ11190
histological
co-stimulatory
international consensus
additional independent
association
MFSGLTLNCVLLLLQLLLARSLEDGYKVEVGKNAYLPCSYTLPTSGTLVPMCWGKGFCPW
hypersensitivity reactions4
magnitude
SQCTNELLRTDERNVTYQKSSRYQLKGDLNKGDVSLIIKNVTLDDHGTYCCRIQFPGLMN
correlation coef®cient
characterized
Clustering
ANELRDSRLANDLRDSGATIRIGIYIGAGICAGLALALIFGALIFKWYSHSKEKIQNLSL
FLJ20273 AL080192
misclassi®cation
KIAA0167
Biomedical
signi®cance
urokinase-type plasminogen
AF103458 AJ225093
messenger
HER2/neu
evaluation
LOC51237 LOC57823
Unsupervised two-dimensional
activator inhibitor
University
plasminogen activator
diagnostic
oligonucleotide
Correlation
Metastases
lymphocytic in®ltrate
likelihood
Cambridge
methylation
transcript abundance
haematoxylin
Kaczmarek
`leave-one-out
BRCA1-like
Microarray
BRCA1-associated
co-regulated
chemotherapy
percentage
consistent
Classi®cation
established Th1-speci®c
Transmembrane
prediction
delayed-type hypersensitivity
microarray experiments
Chorvatova
preparation
amplitude
`sporadic
Th1-dependent autoimmune
prognostic classi®er
hypermethylation
Prognosis
consensus3
Kucherlapati
concentration
LOC57823 AJ249377
Graduated
ERnegative signature
histopathological
DKKLELKLDIKAAKVTPAQTAHGDSTTASPRTLTTERNG-SETQTLVTLHNNNGTKISTW
lymphocyte-speci®c
optimized
carcinoma
significant
leave-one-out correlation
Zajchowski
Collaborative
Radiotherapy
tumour-necrosis
Waardenburg
Amsterdam
expression signatures
signatures
accession
cross-validation
Following
predominant induction
threshold
aggressive
hereditary
Supplementary Information
high-risk
con®dence
Hedenfalk
Portuguese Foundation
Netherlands
dependent
AL133074
Mid-Atlantic
Throughput
Dana-Farber
Schlussel
progressive
transgenic
Washington
tumours26
patient-tailored
predictive
reference
epigenetic modi®cation
KIAA0882
intensity
individual
Rodenhuis
signi®cant
cross-validated classi®er
LOC51203
cross-regulate
LOC57110
clustering algorithm
available
three-step
complementary
Neurologic
distinguish
Formalin-®xed
Tamoxifen
Statistical
contribution
expression
characterization
mutations
misclassi®ed
prognosis classi®er
Stoughton
functional annotation
Predicting
DKFZP564D0462
HSA250839
relatedness
extraction
California
monoclonal
Consensus
diagnostic prediction
determination
Cy-labelled
arti®cial
co-regulate
evaluating
Colicelli
conventional consensus
Furthermore
Goldhirsch
regression
upregulation
Correspondence
different
transmembrane
microarray
downregulation
Organisation classi®cation
development
Institute
functions
immunohistochemical
comparable performance
concordance
AF058075
consensus development
chemokine
transcription
Lymphocytic infiltrate
Buonomano
Similarly
prognostic signature
microarray classi®er
Chernova²
candidate
classi®ed
Diagnostic
Acknowledgements
RNase-free
hybridization
FECGNVVLRTDERDVNYWTS-RYWLNGDFRKGDVSLTIENVTLADSGIYCCRIQIPGIMN
Fluorescence
reptilian
signi®cantly
background
paraf®n-embedded
breast-conserving
Endocrinology
unnecessary
consensus
Randomized
IGKV3D-15 AF103458
Pathology
essential
therapeutic
mucin-like
validation procedure
MicroarraysÐthe
AL137761
interleukin
adrenocorticotropin
hematopoietic-speci®c
Cytoplasmic
Massachusetts
lymph-node-negative
contrasting
Gallo-Payet
ISLANLPPSGLANAVAEGIRSEENIYTIEENVYEVEEPNEYYCYVSSRQQPSQPLGCRFA
selecting
predicting
expansion
metastatic
KIAA1067
classi®cation
Kriegstein
preferential induction
-GETIRTAIHIGVGVSAGLTLALIIGVLILKWYSCKKKKLSSLSL
identi®ed
predisposition
two-level classi®cation
Gruvberger
Committee
intracellular
`prognosis classi®er
cross-validation procedure
Vijver*²
60-polymer
classical prognostic
additional
de®nition
Signaling
labelling
Agioinvasion
transcriptional activation
differences
contradictory
HSU79303
subdivision
observation
molecular re¯ection
amino-acid
extracellular helminthic
robustness
transcriptional repression
Neurology
Millennium Pharmaceuticals
ef®ciency
Plesmanlaan
autoimmune
KIAA1442
metastasis
one-third
epithelial
follow-up
stephen_friend
incorrect
reverse-complementary
Hanspeter
discriminate
conference statement
inactivation
Competing interests
AL049265
oestrogen
identi®cation
heterozygous
conclusion
sensitivity threshold
lymphnode-negative
MFSHLPFDCVLLLLLLLLTRSSEVEYRAEVGQNAYLPCFYTPAAPGNLVPVCWGKGACPV
Gene-expression
enlargement
important
AL137718
ER-positive signature
Correlations
Pharmacia
immunoglobulin
diagnosis
angiogenesis
validation
`optimized sensitivity
