repressor­
4Department
Dickinson FACScalibur
unregulated
copy-number variability
experiments
computation
Department
Molecular
stochastic simulations
Supplementary Information
phenomenon
pBADHisA
deterministic
production
Experimental
Additionally
stochastic
heat-shock transformation
transformation
equilibrium
combination
detrimental
activation
Preliminary
low-copy
degradation
repressor-only
replication
Rosenfeld
Plainview
experimentally
3Department
inducible
functional relationship
Spatiotemporal
cephalexin29
polycistronic
Adalsteinsson
circuitry
reasonable
Engineering stability
synthetic transcriptional
stationary
mathematical
predictive
Statistics
theoretical explanation
multimerization
sensitivity
BioDynamics
Specifically
autoregulation
approximation
morphology
individual
incubator conditions
measurement
Stochastic
differentiation
attributable
counterintuitive prediction
repressive
mammalian
excitation
G-to-Tor3-r2
kanamycin resistance
transcriptional regulation
NATURE|Vol
overproduction
Engineered
Ehrenberg
experiment
messenger
Massachusetts
high-copy
Bioengineering
synthetic mammalian
conditions
Escherichia
intercellular variability
available
variability
epigenetic
experimental observation
oscillatory behaviour
University
agreement
possibility
understanding
behaviour
eukaryotic
cell-cell communication
regulatory
fluorescent
Biomedical Engineering
properties
Construction
Adalsteinsson3
comparison
6Department
Developement
synthetic gene-metabolic
Oudenaarden
Hooshangi
Unregulated
propagation
constitutive
Laboratory
mirabilis
expression
Combinatorial synthesis
repressor
Gillespie
5Institute
post-transcriptional
Prediction
pZE21-MCS1
simultaneous repression
absorbance
Therefore
achievable
translational
normalized fluorescence
financial
Repressor­activator
side-scatter
experimentation
bottom-up
additional
Excitation
extrinsic
recruiting
predictions
Modelling
Hysteresis
regulation
California
Blackwell Scientific
well-characterized
Bioinformatics
forward-scattering
repressor-activator
molecular
synthesis
Comparison
contribute
construct synthetic
Ultrasensitivity
construction
systematic
Drosophila embryonic
Biochemical
arbitrary fluorescence
population
Cellquest
forward-scatter
exponential
Cummington
autoregulatory
Regulation
incubator
frequency
biochemical
distribution
Greenwood
acquisition
interactive
Normalized
Technical University
transcriptional
Publishing
Organisms
2Department
Histograms
discrepancy
Surprisingly
PCR-amplified
terminator
Mathematics
concentration
synthetic biology1­23
Correspondence
Independent
different
cytometer
Pharmacology
isopropyl-b-D -thiogalactopyranoside
discussion
cytometry
bacteriophage
McMillen5
corresponding fluorescence
Cambridge
Stochasticity
software26
repressor­activator
PfuTurbo
pZS*24-MCS1
intercellular copy-number
information
Programmable population
Mississauga
polymerase
important
significant
Biotechnology
cell-to-cell variability
Fussenegger
Acknowledgements
supernatant
fluorescence
synthetic oscillatory
considered
analogue-to-digital
activator-only
BioNetS26
overnight
Stratagene
autofluorescence
Experiments
experimental
transcription
inability
quantitative
Contributions
Kobayashi
