physiological responses
two-dimensional
institutional
Klingenstein
convergence
intervals
Excitatory
Organization
intricate
behavioural
Supplementary Information
Behaviour
anticipation
algorithm identified
candidate
different methodological
Culpeper Scholarship
substantial investigative
representational
mammalian
Correspondence
single-cell
Although
amygdala activation
extensive
presentation
amygdala projection
Schoenbaum
change-point
negative-coding
appetitive conditioning
disappearance
Cognition
trial-by-trial
different populations
Reinforcement
Recording
trace-conditioning procedure11
Stefanacci
principal component
preference
Functional Analysis
substrate
difference
amygdalo-nigral circuitry
association
inversion
Appetitive behaviour
cognitive
stimulus
value-coding
appetitive
anatomical clustering
identified
Anticipatory
associative
circuitry
Amygdala circuitry
hydraulic microdrive
essential
amygdala-dependent
different overlapping
interruption
Conventional
air-puff Inhibitory
Fairhurst
Mathworks
operating characteristic
selectivity
Orbitalfrontal
discussions
prefrontal
Conditioned
reference distribution
air-puff Excitatory
non-human
Committees
non-reinforced
nucleus30
change-point algorithm
assistance
NATURE|Vol
Pathways
conditioned stimulus
olfactory conditioned
experiment
non-yellow
anterograde
Amygdala
verification
available
foundation
hippocampus
responses
METHODS Behavioural
cds2005
Roper-Hall
orbitofrontal
processing
component
Contributions
possibility
affective
amplification
conditioning
dorsolateral
accessory
Critchley
Instruments
reversals
comparison
motor-controlled hydraulic
directly7
post-visual-stimulus
prediction intervals
reinforcing
Parkinson
emotional responses
spike-sorting
Psychophysics
procedure
substantia
permutation
resonance
contribution
punishment
ð2x=aÞb
Plasticity
somatosensory
predictive
Cumulative
amygdaloid
tegmental
Neurobiological
motorized multi-electrode
Different amygdala
determine
financial
Riverside
extinction
O'Doherty
Psychiatric Institute
dorsolateral amygdala
Nonetheless
anatomical
stimulation
significant percentage
inhibitory responses
influence attention28
normalization
convention
anterior­posterior dimension
Neuroscience
intercalated
image/cell
Columbia University
Salzman1,2,3
medial­lateral
relationship
populations
consecutive overlapping
recording electrode
Tremblay
Gottfried
overlapping
posterior
interaction
understand
peri-stimulus
Psychiatry
McDonald
amygdala
population
air-puff
subcortical
quantitative
organization
appearance
parahippocampal
reinforcement
positive-coding
Supplementary
September
defensive behaviour
microelectrode
neurophysiological
providing
acquisition
Information
motivation
Publishing
Neurobiology
positive-
Furthermore
Histograms
conditioned
Detection
manuscript
behavioural responses
value­identity interaction
laboratory
basolateral amygdala
distinguishable
regression
individual amygdala
Development
information
functions
Wiley-Liss
Orbitofrontal
cumulative
indistinguishable
Understanding
anterior­ posterior
Gallagher
amygdala neurophysiology
performance
3Department
perirhinal
Morrison1
Carmichael
development
conflicting
superposition
Narishige
modulation
assignment
Ghashghaei
custom-written
collection
Magnified
connectivity
attentional
important
amygdala representation
Behavioural
valuecoding
intrinsic
Wilcoxon
structure
Gallistel
influence amygdala
mixed-trial
Philanthropic Partnerships
Institutional
anatomical information
dorsal­ventral
bi-modally
influence behavioural
analysis13
well-isolated
assignments
Experiments
Goldberg
principle
fundamental
correlation
representation
structures6,7,10,21,27
Dysfunction
