incorporate
atmosphere
correlation
irrigation
evaporation
Continental
CO2-induced
Borntraeger
threshold
existence
alternative
adjustment
Supplementary Information
evapotranspiration
observational
Estimation
Attribution
Scientific
generator
absorption
Transferts
technique
intensive
disparity
dimming4
Although
stream-flow
Acknowledgements
fingerprinting technique7
Statistical Databases
Modelling long-term
fossil-fuel
significant reduction
attribution
combination
Correspondence
reasonable precipitation
DISCover
post-1960
twentieth-century temperature
twentieth-century
population growth19
shortwave
difference
precipitation
half-sinewave
near-surface atmospheric
Mecanisme
METHODS
freshwater availability
Newburgh
statistical techniques7
structural vegetation
McNaughton
Woodward
Huntingford
continental-scale
cloud-cover observations
Evapotranspiration
Appraisal
inter-annual variability
transpiration
consistent
frequency
over-fitting
detection
Department
conductance
individual
Project28
enhancement
combining
laboratory
functioning
Supplementary
area-weighted
Dorchester
agricultural
NATURE|Vol
fingerprinting statistical
reconstruction
fractional
equivalent
available
variability
Vulnerability
considerable inter-annual
component
University
climate-only
percentile
twentieth
landcover
representative precipitation
biomass-burning
beginning
additional
long-term transpiration
non-CLIM
cloudiness
uncertainty
simulation
simultaneous
long-term
insufficient
contribution
Technology
probability
large-scale
spatio-temporal
firstindirect
modifying
Environment
appropriate
Therefore
anomalies
financial
land-surface
Hydrology Wallingford
considering
clear-sky shortwave
temperature
consumption
extraction
Agriculture Organisation
radiative
Vorosmarty
continental
comparing
reduction
assumption
observations
FAOSTAT Statistical
Shortwave
Climatological
Precipitation
sensitivity
Comparison
Representing twentieth-century
sufficient
Meteorology
mechanistic landsurface
catchment
compensating
Cambridge
America29
Estimating
shortresidence-time
High-resolution
plausible
exception
atmospheric
first-indirect
four-component regression
assessment
clear-sky scattering
empirical
Detection
suggestive
`detected
Adaptation
amplitude
following
observation-based continental
photosynthesis
Publishing
reanalysis
`continental
influence
convective precipitation
feedbacks21
climatedriven inter-annual
Production
continental-scale runoff17
simulations
insensitive
concentration
Goldewijk
Expanding irrigation
regression
fixed-CO2 simulation
terrestrial
information
different
Contemporary environmental
wind-speed
Laboratoire
discussion
twentieth-century space-time
mechanism
individual component
attributable
significance
Landcover
widespread
Contrasting physiological
sub-grid heterogeneity
Development
Hydrology
resolution observational
near-surface meteorology
stomatalclosure
three-way regression
deforestation
important
suppression
discharge
Shiklomanov
Albrecht27
so-called
Wallingford
observation
Prediction
Huntingford4
fixedcomponent simulation
negligible
consistency
grassland
representation
intriguing possibility
anthropogenic
