represent
identifying pathways
similarity
Majumder
epigenetic silencing
Follettie
pathogenesis
Benjamini
complementary analysis
Supporting
amplification
considerable background
calculate
technique
autosomal
Richards
oxidative phosphorylation
Suthanthiran
downstream
reasonable assessment
Paulovichg
shock-protein signaling
cellular
difference
expression analysis
Cytogenetic
GENEPATTERN microarray
Korsmeyer
biological
Dahlquist
nonrandom
consistent
Telomerase up-regulated
Contributed
microarray analysis
perspective
Molecular Signature
preliminary implementation
web-based
different insulin-related
Filippova
mutational
reciprocal analysis
Discussion Traditional
signalling Telomerase
experiment
different p53-related
component
Dana­Farber
molecular signature
amalgamation
Radiation sensitivity
correlation structure
simultaneous
Technology
Kolmogorov­Smirnov-like statistic
Miyazaki
significance threshold
re-compute
addressed
SMichigan
microarray experiment
distribution corresponding
Includes
comparing
Bioinformatics
biological pathways
rigorous evaluation
particular
Expression
weighting
enrichment analysis
challenge
p53-mediated
enomewide expression
Normalize
telomerase
nutrient-sensing pathways
additional biological
signalling Aminoacyl
information
running-sum statistic
Salomonis
methodology
criterion
Hatzfeld
prognostic
analyzing molecular
collection
empirical phenotype-based
conservative correction
cis-regulatory
meaningful
Glycolysis gluconeogenesis
Signature Database
correspond
Randomly
GSEA-like procedure
correlation
computational analysis
interpretation
identifying important
experiments
cardiovascular
hypoxia-response
Hypothesis
biomedical
chr5q31 chr13q14
non-small
inventory
correspondence
Gillettea
glycolysis
genomewide expression
significant enrichment
Calculation
iDepartment
Functional
magnitude
Lymphoblastoid
Schluens
mathematical description
Adjustment
Single-gene analysis
Subramanian
cytogenetic
Interdisciplinary Engineering
Enriched
powerful analytical
chr14q32 chr17q23
Michigan
modulation
Chevassut
induction
University
hematologic
chromosomal
Aminoacyl
COMMENTARY leading-edge
Cambridge
tissue-specific expression
jWhitehead Institute
Yekutieli
cellular proliferation
probability
annotated collection
Significance
Commentary
perturbation
signaling subpathway
checkpoint
regulation
adenocarcinoma
percentage
Johansson
asymmetric
Mittmann
Eriksson
compensation
corresponding leadingedge
chrYq11
Regulatory-motif
Estimating
increment
inhibiting
conventional single-gene
eDepartment
Pomeroyh
computationally
Patterson
transcription
Telomerase activation
Brugarolas
Appendix
Subramaniana
performance
Independently
deprivation down-regulated
Although genomewide
significant
preliminary
overestimation
Massachusetts Institute
differential expression
Chromosome
infrequency
familywise-error
Research
specific metabolic
malignant
threshold
Pacyna-Gengelbach
implementation
GADD45A
proportion
Ridderstrale
analytic
subsection
leadingedge
biochemical pathways
dependent
ontology information
Interpretation
metastatic progression
Lockhart
specific component
Armstrong
Overview
signaling pathways
analytical
Cellular processes
biological processes
unpublished
Eisenbart
Specifically
functional collection
individual
crosscorrelation
reproducible
discovery
available
gene-gene
biosynthesis
p53-signaling
hypothesis
interface
Neighborhood
resistant
chr6q21 chr5q31
traditional approach
sensitive
Beheshti
enrichment statistic
experimental
synthesis-related
cell-cycle
background information
GENETICS Although
Comparing
applicability
Karayianni
leading-edge analysis
Leukemia
normalized enrichment
cumulative hypergeometric
compelling
interpreting genome-wide
graphical
corresponding
efficacy
largescale experiment
Espinosa
Silverman
understand
up-regulation
Glutamate metabolism
Hagemeijer
hDepartment
Enrichment Analysis
gene-expression
important functional
Kulbokas
phenotypic
procedure
Nonetheless
experimental induction
statistical analysis
single-gene analysis
upregulation
different
radiation
microarray
Importantly
phenotype
Ramaswamy
platform-independent
independent
Institute
reporting
fold-change
distinction
positives
compendium
Mesirova
consistency
COMMENTARY
Contreras
Kobayashi
subgroup
Tsuchiya
Abbreviations
Examination
lymphoblastoid
biologist
Lindblad-Toh
lymphoma
Magnanini
genome-wide expression
leading-edge
Crunkhorn
identical
phenotype-based permutation
cytogenetic alteration
survival
possible
Hollander
Estimation
advanced
Oncology
Puigserver
identifying
permuting
Bloomfield
temperature-sensitive
informative
arbitrary
Mathematical Description
Bourquin
collective
biological knowledge
metabolic
rapamycin treatment
Mukherjee
Troyanskaya
Nonparametric Statistical
knowledge-based approach
up-regulated
dInstitute
Glutamine deprivation
McDonnell
cancer-related
Pasqualucci
LaddAcosta
comparison
Altshuler
Leading-Edge
Pulmonary
phenotypic distinction
Lymphoblast
different approach
functional
Approximately
corresponding enrichment
false-positive
determine
identifying individual
additional
approximate
inasmuch
clinical
Mukherjeed
Barbouti
fDivision
Interestingly
Hutchinson
histogram
metabolic pathways
Original
applying
reproductive
cDepartment
robustness
leukemias Enriched
Neurology
demonstrate
distribution
Bhattacharjee
empirical evaluation
Feuerhake
transcriptional
contribute
one-third
conserved
Hollstein
lymphoid leukemia
statistical significance
chromosome
inactivation
coexpression
signal-to-noise
application
conserved regulatory
deviation
chr13q14 chr14q32
Barbanti-Brodano
Stanford
variation
important
Longwood
supporting information
standard Kolmogorov­Smirnov
chromosomal fragility
mitogen-activated
Determine
Biomedical Research
angiogenesis
