Relationships
represent
branch-length estimation
selection
phenomenon
Similarly
chromosomal rearrangement
numbering
nucleolar
homogeneity
cerevisiae4,5
evolutionary
ribosomal
underwent reciprocal
alternative
parsimony
reciprocal silencing1
conservative
Supplementary Information
Sunderland
homology
Foundation
mother­daughter
implementation
functional divergence
interspecific
proportion
Standard
duplicates
Homologous
castellii6
Acknowledgements
sterility
divergent
identical
`ribosomal
biogenesis
glabrata
respiratory
Neuveglise
summarized
emergence
difference
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
evolution
sporulation
reproductive
castellii divergence
glabrata7
McLysaght
realistic
right-hand
arbitrary
bayanus16
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
inspection
essential
self-fertile
post-WGD
financial
allopatric speciation
Transcription
consistent
prediction
Viability
High-definition macromolecular
model-based approach
mitotically
Molecular
Reciprocal
Engineering evolution
subsequent
scaffold
viability
epistatic
essential19
onequarter
single-copy
comprehensive
incompatibility
wholegenome duplication
orthologues
gossypii9
available
reproductive isolation
localization
University
processing
divergence
hypothesis
conserved biological
RNA-processing
definition
survivor
complexes
precipitous
whole-genome duplication
Individual
consequence
insufficient
experimental
divergent resolution
Continuing
functional
over-represented
Postlethwait
Therefore
speciation
Gene-loss
METHODS
Vilgalys
annotation
duplicate
conservation
hypothetical
Saccharomyces castellii
Ontology
transcriptional regulatory
corresponding
Windham1
relationship
comparison
Gaillardin
explanation
mismatch
immediate
macromolecular composition
particular
Hittinger
molecular
reciprocal
ancestral
Endrizzi
Supplementary
undergone reciprocal
Speciation
situation
Travisano
Subfunction partitioning
Massachusetts
rank-sum
Publishing
phylogenetic
Evolution
convergent
Epistasis
polyploidization
polyploid
comparative
nonphotosynthetic parasitic
paralogous
Correspondence
information
different
LETTERS
Patterson
defective
transcription
responsible
radiation
indistinguishable
potential contribution
`ribosome biogenesis
potential
schematic
Chromosomal
Sequencing
performance
establishment
conclusion
independent
Kluyveromyces
chromosomes
interchromosomal
ecological diversification
Institute
allopolyploidy
gossypii
`ancestral
nucleolus17
constrained topology
significant
successive
cis-regulatory
Reproductive isolation
horizontal
reciprocal gene-loss
mechanism1,2
duplicate-gene
orthologous
Contributions
redundant
Convergent
Bateson­Dobzhansky­Muller mechanism
double-copy
fundamental
inactivation
resolution
Power-law
Chromosome
