represent
evolutionary
exSpeciation perimental
Components
Sternberg
exclusive
Paleobiology
redeployment
Fernandes
environof
-tubulin Contractile
different developmental
progressive formation
batteries
selection
pre-Cambrian
differentiation
existence
integument
retention
developmental functions
Supporting
remarkable subsequent
Pnr/Gata4
Columbia
superphylum piecemeal
Aris-Brosou
character
Springer-Verlag
repertoire
arthropod
important signaling
differentiaKernels
vertebral morphol-
superphylum
identification
evoluSize
phylum-specific
correspondence
patterning functions
Evolution
subcircuit architectural
impervious
disparate
permission
origination
morphological
evolution
functional
tempo102
different consequences
conserved circuitry
network-component
cellular
deployment
conserved subcircuit
Microevolution
regionalization
parameter
Krakauer
disallow developmental
structural
processes
Ezekowitz
taxonomic
sufficient comparative
transmission
participating cis-regulatory
Washington
Functional
fieldensis
Ochoa-Espinosa
architecture
irreverFunctional
essential
Drosophila Doc1,2,3
homogeneous
protein-coding
Evolutionary consequences
Lichtneckert
vertebrates
California Institute
notochord
alteration
regulatory feedback
understood
Conservation
hindbrain
pan-bilaterian
Department
Onycophoran
superphylum-level
assembly
Capecchi
subphyletic
digestive
canonical
repressive
developmental
structure/function
multilevel selection
apparatus
different component
specification
interference
skeletogenic
repression
pregastrular
evolutionary consequences
periphery
intersect
SCIENCE
Chengjiang
devellutionary
approach
discovery
available
mechanistic analysis
Critically
Philippe
component
Mcf2/Mcf2C Hand/Ehand
dissection
divergence
Bilateria
Meulemans
Formation
operating
Architecture
developmental processes
heart-field specification
anterior-posterior organization
cross-regulatory circuitry
beginning
pituitary development
Prospective
glaciation
Yamamoto
December
orthologous Drosophila
positioning
Valentine
postgastrular
extraordinary conservation
HighWire
Connexin40
Med/SMAD
Differentiation
formation
expression
anonymous
digestion
Tomoyasu
Copyright
pleiotropic
trademark
Advancement
developmental patterning
regulatory
adaptational
Therefore
determine
speciation
perimental examination
type­specific
diversification
Sepkoski
Molecular phylogeny
additional
Smithsonian Institution
Macroevolutionary
vertebrate
Doc1,2,3/Tbx4-5-6 Pnr/Gata4
Downloaded
Weatherbee
Kammermeirt
organismic
Cis-regulatory
Horizontal
Leanchoilia illecebrosa
probability
peripheral
Association
classification
mechanistic explanation
BioTapestry
corresponding
explanation
Longabaugh
fine-scale
Comparative molecular
mechanistic
posterior
Cambridge
Reinterpreting
endomesodermal
Neoproterozoic
particular
Following
adducing
Szebenyi
Hedgehog
epidermal
factor­b
Rosenfeld
different locations
related-content
downstream consequences
pan-arthropod
appearance
species-specific
Shivdasani
refractory
individual
Predicted Evolutionary
morphological character
following
Endomesoderm specification
Rothernberg
Technology
predation
architectural structure
Regulatory Networks
Information
morphogenetic
transcriptional
2Department
Furthermore
Vertebrate
muscular
Immunity
Haikouella lanceolata
Nubler-Jung
incremental
wing-pattern
echinoderm
continuous modification
Phylogeography
Development
hierarchical organization
respective
FEBRUARY
recursive
Starfish
Hoffmann
transcription
PMC/micomere
responsible
DNA-recognizing transcription
Artavanis-Tsakonis
Fuxianjuia
Walldorf
input/output
significance
cis-regulatory mod4949
corresponding vertebrate
establishment
Cia-Uitz
Maotianshania cylindrica
development
transduction
inflexible
literature
paleontological
information
Dpp/BMP Feedback
subsequent evolutiondeployment
fibroblast
different
variation
Blimp1/Krox
microevolutionary
Bronner-Fraser
catastrophic phenotype
subcircuit
Foundation
subsequent developmental
cis-regulatory
wing-patterning
chordates
structure
homologous processes
phylum-level
developmental catastrophe
Jianfengia
bilateral
surprising
Drosophila
Palaeontology
high-resolution
persuasive
Technology Publishing
multigenic
Drosophila functions
complexity
extrapolation
Examples
components
pedunculata
coordinate
developmental consequences
countless processes
Rothenberg
