throughput functional
similarity
Giegerich
unweighted
computation
Department
multibranched
inferences
nearoptimal
Foundation
dimensionality
longstanding
intensive
stochastic
Statistical prediction
BOLTZMANN ENSEMBLE
minimization algorithms
statistical reproducibility
advantage
individual structural
thermodynamics-based
Heliobacterium
published statistical
secondary structural
applicable
Weighting
laborious algorithm
INFERENCE APPROACH
revolution
occurrence
structure prediction
perspective
crystallography
statistical estiReprint
canonical
advantageous
SantaLucia
homologous sequences
specification
statistical characterization
GM068726
PARTITION FUNCTION
segmentation
Secondary structure
knowl328
THERMODYNAMIC PARAMETERS
secondary structures
excellent agreement
Published
consideration
Computational
computational prediction
structure predictions
Boltzmann-weighted
practical pseudoknot
resonance
inference
base-pair probabilities
providing computing
Evaluation
landscape
confidence
individual structures
examination
Hall/CRC
Bioinformatics
equilibrium distribution
clotelab/RNALOSS
conformational
biopolymer sequences
CONCLUSIONS
particular
free-energybased algorithm
Rosenblad
Birmingham
following
Incorporating
ensemble-level
diversified sequences
calculation
substantial uncertainty
Nussinov­Jacobson
nonstructural
biological sequences
information
burgeoning
redundancy
recursive
methodology
significance
algorithm development
parameter
clustering procedure
Essentially
Efficient representation
thermodynamic
ensemble-based
mode=software
efficient representation
departure
complexity
algorithms
fundamental
correlation
representation
pre-mRNA
interpretation
Biochemistry
Functionsa
antisense
conditional distribution
stability
statistical
Modification
conceptual simplicity
Boltzmann equilibrium
Copyright
Schroeder
RNAsubopt
suboptimal
particular quantities
STATISTICAL SAMPLING
Boltzmann distribution
programming algorithm
interaction parameters
classical statistics
Alternatively
framework
developments
structure INTRODUCTION
thermodynamics parameters
appropriate
structures consisting
magnitude
STATISTICAL INFERENCE
computing suboptimal
Subramanian
Statistics
double-stranded
Statistica
frequency
paradigmshifting
interference
near-optimal structures
computation necessary
Detecting
evaluation
foundation
Uncertainty
approaches
homologous
regulatory
detecting
temperature
nearest-neighbor
traceback
STATISTICAL ESTIMATION
counterpart
appropriateness
effective antisense
Wadsworth
experimental parameters
probability
variables
Accordingly
Inferential
publication
Downloaded
single-stranded
regulation
assumption
percentage
Cambridge University
Functionsa Statistical
suitability
conditional probabilities
Andronescu
ABSTRACT Prediction
densityof-states algorithm
Watson­Crick
Computational Molecular
motivation
Correlated
increment
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
RNAshapes
transcription
generalized
objective
performance
Altschul
structural databases
probabilistic
observation
surprising
calculated
principle
prediction improvement
incomplete
accession
knowledge
implementation
efficient statistical
proportion
molecules
well-studied experimental
equilibrium
viewpoint
frequentist
moderate-length sequences
statistical algorithm
Thirumalai
BayesFold
suboptimal structures
discussing
predictive
requirement
MINIMIZATION PARADIGM
sensitivity
one-sequence
equilibrium structure
Biopolymers
Compilation
Posterior inference
asymptotic inferences
Boltzmann
thermodynamic parameter
reproducible
FUNCTION APPROACH
likelihood estimates
available
ribonucleic
statistical estimates
hypothesis
BAYESIAN STATISTICAL
Extracting
Probability
implementing
structural computational
Statistical
Laboratory
structure databases
estimation
experimental
multiple-sequence
noninformative
Structure predictions
probability distribution
underlying molecular
considering
estimating
efficient algorithm
diversity
quantities
sufficient
near-optimal
Ribonuclease
representative
paradigm-shifting
exponential
empirical
optimization
low-energy
Furthermore
comparative
different
inference framework
transmembrane
computational structural
efficient algorithms
development
independent
high-frequency
comprehensive
free-energy minimization
automation
Bundschuh
secondary structure
nevertheless
machinery
statistical representation
continuous parameter
macromolecular
ribosomal
alternative
alignment
heuristic
Estimation
Structure clustering
Rehmsmeier
Springer-Verlag
improvement
thermodynamic parameters
conditional probability
RNAstructure
Position-based
hybridization
kcal/mol
SAMPLING APPROACH
post-genomic
ensemble-base approaches
indicative
pseudoknots
structural predictions
minimization algorithm
Waldispuhl
distinguishing biological
statistical inference
essential
Recognition
satisfactory
Analogously
Thermodynamic parameters
McCloskey
high-order algorithm
substantial probability
CLUSTER REPRESENTATION
structural information
scientific
minimization
structure information
Typically
comparison
Revolution
extension
Vassilenko
dependence
particular modification
longestablished
obtaining
dictionary definition
edge-based
REFERENCES
proportional
clustering
statistics
nucleotide
quadratic
Excellent
Samuelsson
base-pairing probabilities
metastable
comprehensive comparison
construction
biological structure
predicted structure
ancestral
exploration
distribution
smoothing algorithm
computing
formulation
covariation
McCaskill algorithm
Calculating
estimating thermodynamic
application
ambitious
Improving
conclusion
energetic
conditional independence
thermodynamic predictions
important
Uhlenbeck
auxiliary
Principles
mRNA-targeting
clustering representation
