mitochondrial ribosomal
represent
evolutionary
protocol
phenomenon
similarity
fellowship GM64268
multiprotein
bioinformatic
inconsistent
statistical
threshold
existence
alternative
Molecular
RM11-1a
alignment
transcription elongation
synthetic
difference
cells/mL
dividing
physiological
proportion
LewisBeck
mammalian
trans-acting
Lockhart
Although
ProtocolId
integrate
derivative
Cantin,1
centromere
Stanford University
Dickerson
identical
chromatin
correspondence
GeneChip
randomization procedure
Transcriptional Regulation
log-phase
possible
Analysis
functional
oligonucleotide
genomewide expression
end-labeled
upstream
heritable
Polsinelli
supplementary information
evolution
modulator
transcriptional activator
Washington
observed variation
organism-level
consensus
multivulva phenotype
experiments
McDonnell Centennial
architecture
isolation
essential
nonessential
Published
reference
widespread transcriptional
heme-dependent transcriptional
Transcription
consistent
conditional
detection
recruitment
Advanced Quantitative
frequency
biosynthesis pathways
two-color experiment
insertion
segregant
laboratory
Winzeler
correspond
regulator
quantitative phenotype
describing
interacting
observed similarity
kanamycin resistance
Shevchenko,2
expressed
expression difference
associate investigator
Conversely
subcomplex
Chi-square
interprotein coevolution
profound differences
approach
independence
discovery
available
kinase­regulated
Tanksley
SCIENCE
possibility
activated-ras multivulva
biosynthesis
efficiency
Doolittle
coevolution
separation
chromosomal
cross-referenced
Markianos
Affymetrix
regulatory transcription
coevolutionary
comparison
Macmillan
daughter
Rosenberg
Heritability
Wilcoxon-Mann-Whitney
December
transcript abundance
engineered
embryonic
Lashkari
/segregant
Statistical
sequence-specific
permission
expression
Alignment
otherwise
trans-acting regulatory
fourfold
technical assistance
postdoctoral fellowship
polygenic
Copyright
flocculation
mitogen-activated
co-regulated
Kruglyak
two-hybrid
Advancement
Supplemental
regulatory
false-positive
WU-BLASTP
sequences
structural similarity
Yoshimoto
segregants
additional
comparing
flocculent
Dissection
trademark
VersionNo
Downloaded
adenovirus
California
Grigoriev
Knock-out
following Affymetrix
quantitative phenotypes
assessment
metabolism
Association
synthesis
ortholog
direction
transcriptional activation
corresponding
Schwikowski
Colman-Lerner
polymorphism
behavioral quantitative
sufficient
footprinting
mismatch
Gottschling
segregation
DNA-bound
YLL007C
Expression
single-cell
Mittmann
partitioning
specific activation
microarray technology
reciprocal
crossovers observed
protein-protein interaction
Cavalieri
Supplementary
Zuckerkandl
Hartwell
ergosterol metabolism
probability
nonflocculent segregation
following
distribution
flocculation phenotype
Information
Supported
Quantitative Techniques
Barabasi
molecular
observed differences
respective
reliability
YIL101C
simulations
Auxotrophic
Cultures
transcription initiation
Brachmann
Stevens,1
anaerobic
chromosome
transgressive segregation
information
different
Rieseberg
inheritance
correlation coefficient
transcription
Thousand
responsible
empirical permutation
controlled environment
application
suppress
Sequencing
agglutination
difficult
development
independent
Hutchinson
false-positive differences
standard laboratory
Institute
subunits
chloroform
containing
variation
flocculent segregants
expression differences
polymerase
HighWire
Sandberg
Publications
significant
footprint
homodimeric
cis-acting
biosynthetic
contingency
mitochondrial expression
structural homology
ambiguous
Churchill
observation
Mitochondrial Msn2/4-dependent
Washington University
Msn2/4-dependent induction
high-resolution
mitochondria
Chervitz
analysis
Caenorhabditis
Activation
deVicente
Examples
correlation
Kobayashi
duplication
differential expression
discussion
Chromosome
