lower-probability
humans15,19
hierarchy
right-handed
subgoals23
Department
anatomical separation
high-level
behavioural perseveration
Supplementary Information
principal
visualization
Reward-related
parameters
postcentral
Kringelbach
Foundation
suboptimal
environment
significant value-related
reinforcement learning2
primates24­26
Acknowledgements
Massachusetts
heuristics14
activation
value-sensitive
Reinforcement
systems11
framework
Differential activation
Exploration
behavioural control20
difference
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
Exploration-related
best-fitting
overriding
Fellowship
North-Holland
appetitive
representation
temporal-difference
magnitude
architecture
Computational Neuroscience
cumulative likelihood
Neuropsychologia
predictive
Kaelbling
differential
financial
value-based exploitative
unpublished
consistent
California Institute
Neuropsychological
Specifically
pathology28
frequency
ventromedial prefrontal
prefrontal
Loewenstein
`four-armed
dorsolateral prefrontal
advantageous
Initially
restricted
NATURE|Vol
integrative
`1-greedy
Programme
alignment
computational reinforcement
activations
exploration
model-based
structure21
equivalent
discovery
Sejnowski
King-Casas
Characteristic
University
processing
illustration
behavioural strategies
behaviour
analytical
complicated
possibility
likelihood
METHODS
prediction algorithm
comparison
Cambridge
uncertainty
anomalous
experience
substantial experimental
ventro-medial prefrontal
`exploration­exploitation
dopaminergic3,4
signature
contribution
error-driven prediction
Technology
punishment
subject-averaged structural
regulating competition
probability
characterization
decision-related
functional
noradrenaline
exploitative behavioural
Statistics
involvement
functional organization
stimuli13
self-directed exploration
inter-trial
supervene12
whole-brain correction
Gharamani
theoretical1
Dissociable
California Boulevard
additional
introduction
Critchley
available
Illustration
regulation
intraparietal
Aston-Jones
subsequent
theoretical
prefrontal controllers22
model-generated
exploration-related activation
frontopolar
time-locked
well-regarded
sophisticated
manipulation27
particular
Rajkowski
Alexandra
neuropharmacological
maximizing
Metalearning
characteristic
explore/exploit
computational modelling
Supplementary
aforementioned strategies
Neurology
exploitative
strategies
informational
acquisition
addressing
Servan-Schreiber
button-press
Publishing
mesencephalic
exploration1,13
Introduction
Furthermore
Prediction
ethological10 perspectives
Generalization
Bongiolatti
regression
reward-related
Correspondence
information
different
hemodynamic
LETTERS
exploratory
Activation
statistical parametric
mechanism
propensity
blood-oxygenation-level-dependent
Kouneiher
regulating
switching
independent
trial-by-trial
ubiquitous
description
Embedded
characteristic1
cortico-basal
studies7­9
Gottfried
explorationencouraging
neuroanatomical
subjective desirability
curiosity
quantitative
O'Doherty
instrumental
Neuroimage
observation
Consistent
post-task
subcortical network15
dopaminergic/striatal
negligible
saccade24­26
orbitofrontal
Amsterdam
Uncertainty-based competition
