rightward
programming
artificial cerebrospinal
correlation
Competing interests
vitro16,17
different functional
homogeneity
orientation6
experiments
frequency
inconsistent
responsive
Blakemore
alternative
Molecular
macroscopic
pixel-based
Supplementary Information
subtracting
signal-to-noise
Cell-based orientation
difference
interests statement
directional
isoflurane
proportion
directional responses
fine-scale structure
smoothness
single-cell responses
microscopic
electrophysiological
Voltage-sensitive
Real-time
Orientation selectivity
Bonhoeffer
Sooyoung
saturation
anaesthesia
combination
iso-orientation
activation
morphological
iso-direction
two-photon microscopy13
Garaschuk
orientation preference
Braitenberg
Organization
speculate
Singlecondition
semi-automated
Mountcastle
brightness
two-dimensional structure
orientation preferences
single-condition
identified
voltagesensitive
photochemical manipulation
possibilities
huelightness-saturation orientation
three-dimensional anatomical
Single-cell
Morphology
pressure-ejected
different orientations
Whitteridge
financial
preferred orientations
submicrometre
metabolic
discontinuities
consistent
Yurgenson
Anglister
measurable
orientation-selective
Functional
selectivity
Department
intensity
individual
vecuronium
Mathworks
electrode
Pixel-based orientation
preparation
Supralinear
Responses
subsequent
assistance
non-preferred
postsynaptic
Capricious expression
ScanImage
excitatory
Massachusetts
voltage-sensitive
Foundation
illustrate
Cambridge
Fitzpatrick
electrophysiological responses
single-unit electrophysiological
inhibitory
numerical
post-stimulus
Pologruto
Wiesenfeld
University
discontinuity
Goldenson
extraordinary
Hamzei-Sichani
well-ordered
Parnavelas
Published
directions
fluorescent
orientation selectivity
custom-built microscope
physiology
extracellular single-unit
Single-trial
definition
electrophysiology9
discernible
segregated
neocortical
Perceptual Neuroscience
technical
spontaneous
transition
Sharpness
single-unit responses
cell-based
sharpening
subthreshold
microarchitecture
near-vertical
visualized
Functional organization
maximizing
functional micro-architecture
experimental
microelectrodes35
binocular interaction
two-photon microscopy
projection
characterization
single-cell resolution
sharpness
microscope objective
Strickler
acepromazine
Occasionally
involvement
Preferred
cell-permeant
proportional
Geometrical
postnatal
Publishing
functional micro-organization
additional
uniformity
opportunity
dichotomy
approximate
anatomical
stimulation
confirming
Statistics
intracortical
reproducibility
micro-functional architecture
unresponsive
Furthermore
Supplementary Discussion
normalized magnitude
relationship
functional properties
immersion
sufficient
labelling
Single-condition
Neighbouring
segregation
systematic
Fluorescence measurement
Matsubara
Consequently
population
Hildesheim
pinwheellike
molecular
directional preferences
cytosolic
hue-lightnesssaturation
Fluorescence
extensive electrophysiological
grey­green
vivo14,15
optimization
microelectrode
distribution
Functional architecture
singlecondition
monosynaptic
acquisition
colour-coded orientation
mode-locked
orientation
Neurobiology
Nonetheless
averaging
intrinsic-signal
Histograms
organized
Arrangement
single-unit electrophysiology
Excitation
Neuroreport
dendritic
topographic properties
functional architecture
drifting-grating
fine-scale organization
FEBRUARY
advantage
Efficacy
Kleinfeld
Iso-orientation
Maldonado
Takahashi
indistinguishable
preferred directions
occasional
preferences7
electrical
neocortical pyramidal
clay_reid
Receptive
anatomical reconstruction
difficult
Correspondence
continuous
square-wave
Two-photon
Colour-coded
Specificity
containing
dimensions
important
significant
functional architecture11
neocortex
topological
craniotomy
intrinsic
orientation/direction
structure
preferences
single-unit recordings
Preferred orientation
observation
fluorescence
dendrites32
threedimensional functional
different preferred
receptive-field properties
calcium-sensitive indicators12
calcium-sensitive indicator
pinwheels6
mechanical
quantitative
resolution
direction7,8
representative
