represent
different communities
similarity
Conclusions
possible definition
desirable
Possible
Betweenness
scientist
statistical
Department
clustering calculation
tendency
Community Structure
Foundation
Ulanowicz
probability
DMS-0109086
interesting
self-contained ecological
clustering coefficient
betweenness centrality
community-structure algorithm
Hierarchical
intraconference
node-independent
represent regular-season
conference structure
Unfortunately
interdisciplinary
Mid-American
MATHEMATICS APPLIED
Interconference
disagreement
possible
Analysis
standard hierarchical
Fundamenta Mathematicae
Algorithms
background
polynomial-time
communities
prominent
eigenvalue
evolution
intercommunity
reciprocal
worst-case
preceding
interconference
component
reasonable
detecting community
Chesapeake
previous
friendship
Networks
grouping
mathematical
weighted
sensitivity
connections
Samukhin
Handbook
interplay
Psychometrika
metabolic networks
techniques
Worldwide
biological networks
describing
acquaintance networks
Michigan
schedule
technological networks
artificial
disciplinary
boundaries
sociological
real-world networks
Magnanti
correctly
real-world
reproducible
Naturally
augmenting
available
recalculating
classification
football
Applying
communities themselves
confusion
University
hierarchical clustering
Calculate
excellent agreement
separation
extracting community
detecting
Recalculate
Researchers
definition
Cambridge
language
technical
December
experience
conference
practical
sensitive
Collaboration
schematic representation
formation
predictor
frequent
otherwise
Certainly
Football
significant
§Department
regularseason Division
functional
Piscataway
subcommunity
Salganik
Jersey­New Brunswick
power-law
traditional hierarchical
community structure
clustering
addition
removing
Barabasi
Winemiller
centrality
figurative
traditional division
betweenness
Newman*§
Communities
subsequent
peripheral
agent-based
direction
corresponding
surface-dwelling
comparison
Interestingly
adjacency
ecosystem
informative community
hierarchical
Wasserman
particular
instructor
peculiar
population
detection
exception
impractical
surprising
exponential
Athletic
Institute collaboration
robustness
modified
break-up
alternative approach
distinctive statistical
residence
distribution
Rajagopalan
institute
Conference
intracommunity
collaboration networks
associated
division
calculation
contribute
influence
conjecture
Detecting communities
Prentice­Hall
substantial
community-finding
scheduling
controlled
Jennifer
Williams
guarantee
information
different
disparate
Computer-Generated
small-world
application
Sociometry
performance
constructed
Raghavan
independent
administrator
computer-generated
Division
Institute
collaboration
correlation
Traditional
applications
edge-independent
Barthelemy
right-skewed
Dorogovtsev
infinite
Faloutsos
Although computer-generated
intergroup
algorithm
max-flow
correspond
analysis
Krapivsky
traditional
academic
algorithms
Examples
fundamental
Detecting Community
determination
Strogatz
geographic
transitivity
original
Community structure
