Behavioral Physiology
selection
interpretation
Descartes1
reinforcement magnitude
Ophthalmol
Macmillan Magazines
computation
electrophysiological isolation
responsive
alternative
Neurophysiol
coordination
alignment
CH990215
traditional sensory-attentional
probability
decision-maker
physiological
valuation
Self-differentiation
proportion
oculomotor
environment
neurobiological
sequential
Birkhauser
freechoice
Monographs
histological
transformation
Although subsequent
Massachusetts
sensory-attentional processing
insensitive
free-choice
combination
described34
Cognition
activation
trial-by-trial
McKnight Foundation
single-sample
Hagguist
framework
eccentric stimulus
Post-movement
Glimcher
formulating
difference
eye-movement
Experimental
identifying
stimulus
activation dif®cult
intervene
Nichole20
Saccadic probability
magnitude
Although intraparietal
Bracewell
probability/low probability
conclusion
Kusunoki
behavioural responding
intraparietal population
classical
Thinking
Proportion
competition
frequency
successive
Conditioned
preparation
describing
Responses
signi®cant
Modulation
information correlated
light-emitting
different peripheral
distractor
experiment
signi®cantly different
sensory-guided behaviour
visuomotor
Bernstein Reassessed
equivalent
available
signi®cantly modulated
Uncertainty
complementary
University
behavioural performance
Sherrington2
possibility
understanding
behaviour
intercept
hypothesis
Correlation
physiology
®ring-rate modulation
knowledge
stimuli26
comparison
response®eld
Cambridge
Consciousness
Corathers
uncertainty
preceding
sensitive
connection
important
modulatory
Committee
Functional organization
Experiment
motor-physiological
Gazzaniga
otherwise
separable
Princeton
sensory±motor integration
decision-theoretic
trials24
sensory±decision±motor
Discussion
preliminary
prefrontal cortex37
re¯ection
appropriate
decision-theoretic approach
making19
Pre-movement
illumination
Bernstein
Theoretical
Dissociation
psychologists14±16
Indianapolis
neurobiology
Concurrent
Bernoulli
modulated
technical assistance
systems2
transform
saccade34
high-gain
stimulation
intention
intraparietal
therefore
neurobiological framework
Davenport
cortex32,33
percentage
assessment
theoretical
decisionmaking
sensory±motor processing
relationship
CH980304
intra-parietal
immediate
subjective
environmental
posterior
eyemovement
Investigation
systematic
particular
CH990322
Representation
irrelevant
Physiological Activity
population
alternative framework
Ecological biologists17,18
gain/low
instruction
reinforcement23
reinforcement
Physiology
recording
Standard electrophysiological
mathematical combinatorial
alternative approach
post-movement
amplitude
BobbsMerrill
decision-theoretic framework
situation
stimulus identi®ed
identical
Allocation
compliance
post-attentional
saccadic initiation
computing
regression analysis
attribute
Furthermore
selective attention
Integrative
economic±mathematical approach
manuscript
signi®cant modulation
probability Estimated
Judgement
signi®cant information
Sherrington
regression
Correspondence
information
different
assessing
CH980304 Estimated
saccadic
behavioural relevance
studying
melioration theory23
Individual
identi®cation
pre-movement
PrePostmovement
prerequisite
Although mathematical
independent
eccentric
Herrnstein
decision-making
variation
ef®ciency
contemporary neurophysiological
mechanisms6±9
dif®cult
in¯uenced
Morgenstern
neurophysiology
different mathematical
ambiguous
Gallistel
correlated
individual
Port-Royal
Consistent
attentional modulation
traditional
Economic
Goldberg
procedure
perception
correlation
representation
Regression
