two-dimensional
influence transcriptional
McDonnell Foundation
Pseudoallelism
Department
physiological
measurement replication
description
environment
Allele-specific repression
Ovcharenko
heterogeneity
Takahashi
advantage
overdominance
phenotypes
regulatortarget
transcriptome
difference
Lewis-Sigler Institute
5-lipoxygenase
REVIEWS
Classification
inducibility
measurable heritability
Laurie-Ahlberg
biological
speculation
accumulation
unexpected
Interacting
consistent
ubiquitous
empirical
Pharmacogenomics
Cis-acting expression
perspective
NOVEMBER
attributable
unavailable
Continuous
experiment
gene-expression measurement
nonadditivity
`cis-regulatory
non-additive
multivariate
proliferation
allele-specific
Estimators
regulators'17
understanding
Comparative
cis-acting heterozygosity
geneby-environment
Non-additivity
precocious introduction
conflation
underdominance
correlation structure
FURTHER INFORMATION
high-throughput identification
falsediscovery
discontinuous
population association
heterozygous individuals
Therefore
DNFLLRLSQS IPNLKHLDLR
landscape
non-expression phenotypes31
VCIALNCPKL KTFNIGRHRR
conventional
Transgressive segregation
uniformity
nucleotide resolution
Differences
Weatherbee
Bioinformatics
polymorphism responsible
quantitative phenotypes
`genetical
theoretical
cumbersome positional
populations
Blackwell
Centennial Fellowship
tissuespecific
suggestive
infinitesimal
Combining
following
non-additivity
experimental follow-up
processing
calculation
variance29
Foundation Centennial
cis-acting regulatory
distinguishable
compatible
downstream
inheritance
DNFLLRLSQS IPNLKHLVLR
option=content
positional
Spilianakis
Exploiting
membrane-spanning
mid-value
genome-wide
recombinational
large-effect
interchromosomal
information
cis-regulatory
annotation
organismal phenotypes
Churchill
mid-parent
long-range
transcript-level
allele-specific measurement
complexity
extrapolation
correlation
human-specific transcription
triggering
evolutionary
interpretation
stability
statistical
agricultural
complicate
polymorphisms responsible
IPNLKHLVLR ACDNVSDSGV
highdensity oligonucleotide
left-most
trans-linking
combination
localization49
functional
genomewide expression
Daughter-cell specificity
expression quantitative
association
structural
susceptibility
molecular phenotyping
Functional
IPNLKHLDLR ACDNVSDSGV
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
liver10,44
single-nucleotide resolution
arbitrariness
non-functional `cis-regulatory
transcriptional plasticity
effect-size
combining
assumption
small-scale
haplotype-dependent influence
integrative
biometrical
Bersaglieri
ACDNVSDSGV VCIALNCPKL
University
extraordinary
regulators
oligonucleotide
polymorphisms influence
chromosomal
regulatory
Pleiotropy
array-based
Trans-acting regulatory
definition
interaction
transcript abundance
`neighbourhood
tissue-specific expression
phenotypic information
proteins62
consequence
Schwartz104
studies34­37
architectures
Foundational
allele-specific quantitative
probability
one-primer
cell-typedependent influence
organismal
phosphoglucomutase
nonrandom
temperature
cuticular hydrocarbon
intermediate
Gomulkiewicz
realization
Cis-regulatory
percentage
molecular
Cavalieri
phenotypic divergence
Heritability
discovered
KTFNIGRHRR DNFLLRLSQS
continuous
biosynthesis
Uncovering regulatory
Regulatory
Neighbouring
Kwiatkowski
Whole-genome genotyping
multi-copy
disequilibrium
population
quantitative
autoregulatory
following methodological
cis-regulatory polymorphisms
Association
biochemical
Hirschhorn
distinguished
Tibshirani
correction
Empirical threshold
Integrating genotypic
substantial
exchanging
dispensable
influencing expression
transcription
Disruption
genome-wide expression
Simultaneous genotyping
functional polymorphisms
necessary regulatory
multicellular
Autoregulatory
Statistical significance
significant
comparisons
cis-acting
trait-by-trait
nucleotide
overestimation
observation
environmental
strain-specific
traditional
hematopoietic
Hoeschele
differential expression
intercross
phenomenon
coincidental colocalization
rediscovery
molecular characterization
haematopoietic
threshold
Coordinated
availability
principal
multipoint
proportion
Plasmodium falciparum
transcriptional modulatory
Transcript
Eucalyptus
permission
Nevertheless
Contribution
lymphotoxin-
Polymorphisms
recombinant
Keightley
particular importance
colocalization
nonrandom association
architecture
implication
Whitehead
Farrall31
nucleoplasm
differential transcription
heterogeneous organismal
individual
laboratory populations
polymorphic
indirectness
interacting
pleiotropic trans-acting
Additivity
identification
conceptual
complement
Swanson-Wagner
discovery
available
sex-dependent
transcriptional regulation
Empirical significance
condition-dependent
transgressive segregation29
hypothesis
Integrated transcriptional
Methodological
correspondence
cis-regulation
TATA-less
Steinmetz
Velculescu
single-locus inheritance
microarray technology
scale-free
connection
Individual
Statistical
Laboratory
contribution
expression
experimental
trans-acting regulatory
polygenic
Directional
False-discovery
dimensional
adaptation
subphenotype
segregants
Kirkpatrick
Kendziorski
progenitor
co-inheritance
Gene-by-environment interaction
corresponding
sufficient
quantitative twodimensional
systematic
Geographic
postmodern
trans-acting transcriptional
Dissecting
detection80
exponential
S-adenosylmethionine
non-cell-autonomous
phenotypic
transcripts
pleiotropic
YKL132C
prevalence
microarrays
formulation
sample/reference
Integrative
Genome-wide
Correspondence
Allendorf
underestimate
transformative
difficult
development
Hoogendoorn
comprehensive
permutation
appreciable
distinction
polymorphism
Bioinformatic
segregating population
gene-by-environment
Hirschsprung
coordinate
explicable
Similarly
Subsequent
alternative
Molecular
large-scale
demographic
Andjelkovic
interspecific backcross
hybridization
homozygous
additivity
Matsuzaki
Deutschbauer
Tissue-specific expression
DATABASES
task=view
Evolutionary
frequency distributions116
Microarrays
Molecular Dissection
individuals
dimorphic
accessible
protein-coding
classical
Understanding quantitative
Arabidopsis
International
polymerase loading60
developmental
connecting
gene-mapping
genotypic
quantitative PCR49,50,57­59
Population
epigenetic
dissection
confidence
analyzing regulation
comparison
GENETICS
dependence
Altshuler
Dimensional
Saccharomyces
mathematical
haplotype
outstanding unresolved
Advancement
Identification
false-positive
clustering
additional
Interchromosomal
transcript
Approaches
Cis-acting
Vogelstein
underexplored114
synthesis
expression phenotypes
mechanistic
sex-specific nonadditivity
allele-specific expression
segregation
Following
Quantitative
regulation107,108
considerable
Pontecorvo
Recombinant
Interpretation
cis-acting polymorphisms
Zuckerkandl
distribution
particular pleiotropic
Publishing
phylogenetic
families18
exogenous
quantification
Evolutionary developmental
chromosome
archetypal trans-acting
Vuylsteke
Drosophila melanogaster
conclusion
directional genetics29
inducibility109
structure
neighbouring
resolution
