represent
system-specific
interpretation
one-dimensional
websterite
Interesting
nonidentical
deep-seated suprasubduction
contemporary
competitive
McBride,2
palladium
evolutionary
Assuming
Department
existence
high-voltage transmission
coordination
principal
polarization
video-grab
Technology Development
probability
subducted
interesting
character
fruitful
scale-free distribution
hornblende
Industrial Technology
publication
insulator
communication
Gallagher
Emergence
Constraints
wellknown
stationary scale-free
southwest
correspondence
scale-free stationary
small-world phenomenon
indicatpendent
permission
less-cited
rich-get-richer
evolution
Analysis
intraoceanic convergent
framework
less-known
Tabar-Lihir-Tanga-Feni
arbitrary nonlinear
Lambert,2
preferential attachment
d-character
metallogeny
prominent
metallogenic
computerization
Preferential attachment
necessary
sedimentary
generating porphyry-epithermal
Washington
dehydration
specific
shallow-water volcaniclastic
magmatism
Subduction
biological
Organization Petroleum
assemblage
Previous
generation
consistent
ultramafic
literature
Albert-László Barabási
Au-enriched
individual
power-law distribution
well-documented
combining
transportation
electrode
much-cited
established
different character
Commonwealth Scientific
Caenorhabditis
Revcoleschi
Sr2FeMoO6
thickness
alloying
assuming
Recycling
radiogenic
identifiable
aggregation
available
supporting
evanescent
scientific
business
electronic structure
lithosphere
SCIENCE
University
clinopyroxenite
analyzer
understanding
difficulty
Bollobas
formation
possibility
separation
irrespective
interface
double-perovskite
imaginary
self-organization
additional
Fe/ZnSe/Fe
Cambridge
September
determining
Supported
dependence
harzburgite
spin-polarized
important
3Commonwealth Scientific
suprasubduction assemblage
consequence
Wasserman
s-character
high-resolution
experimental
Barthelemy
connectivity distribution
limestone
Copyright
large-scale
trademark
porphyry-epithermal copper-gold
Advancement
modifying
well-known
probability distribution
serpentinite
applicability
submarine hydrothermal
oceanographic investigation
electronic
Co/ALO/STO/LSMO
predominant tunneling
Australia
Nguyen-Mahn
Networks Albert-Laszlo
time-resolved
introduction
continuous
ALO/STO
Downloaded
reduction
power-law connectivity
Networks Albert-László
topology
coralline
scale-free power-law
Association
Development Organization
Although
stationary power-law
explanation
different organizational
benchmark
visibility
DMR9710998
porphyry copper-gold
Consequently
subduction
selforganization
molecular
related-content
self-organize
scalefree
topological information
Co/STO/LSMO
economic
orthopyroxenite
historical
December
following
demonstrate
peridotite
Co/STO/
acquisition
Information
preferential connectivity
long-range
inevitable consequence
Barabasi
calculation
Furthermore
influence
OCTOBER
convergent
manuscript
subduction-modified
self-organizing phenomena
already-high connectivity
Appenzeller
concentration
rhenium-osmium
Organization Exploration
physical
information
different
volcano-hosted
relationship
sulfur-rich
responsible
small-world
ophiolite-type
room-temperature
propensity
drawback
electrical
topological stability
effectiveness
industrial development
geochemical
prerequisite
advective transport
development
independent
magnetoresistance
description
excitation
collaboration
numerical
exponential connectivity
difference
better-known
connectivity
Separation
HighWire
metal-oxide interface
invariance
deep-sea
structure
scale-invariant distribution
successful mechanism
isotopic
dynamical
database
nevertheless
popularity
complexity
1-km-diameter
temperature
nonlocal interDepartment
inability
organization
Strogatz
quantifying
Kobayashi
