Marshall5,6
pedigrees54
similarity
false-negative percentage
Department
haplotype homozygosity
Population differentiation
duplicated
Foundation
McLaughlin
disorders
fellowship
Gonzalez8
Overlapping
autosomal
impoverishment
population structure
non-allelic homologous
misinterpretation
Okamura5,6
phenotypes
liability
functional categories
Extrapolating Comparative
Kudaravalli
independence46
analysis71
Informacio
triplicate
non-redundant biallelic
repetitive
prediction
STRUCTURE61
perspective
Centre­East
Chromosomes
paired-end
chemokine-encoding multi-copy
hereditary neuropathy
experiment
locus-specific experimental
ArrayExpress
chromosome-by-chromosome
contiguous
respectively
genotyping
commercial
refinement
structural polymorphism
7Department
irrespective
consideration
identifiable
early-onset
Rovelet-Lecrux
published
Technology
classification
JPT+CHB
identified functional
landscape
confidence
Duplication
Pediatrics
METHODS
prevalence
Additional locus-specific
exhaustive
assessment
homologous recombination
submicroscopic chromosomal
Postdoctoral Fellowship
populations
particular
Expression
individual-specific
comparisons70
abundance
discordance
Rosenberg
Characterization
population-specific
constraint
submicroscopic
Montgomery1
transparency
Combining
following
high-density
well-characterized genomes4,5,7
offspring
dye-swaps
downstream
inheritance
falsepositive proportion
experimental validation
large-insert
phenotypic information
Significant
fiveprobe
genome-wide
experimental replication
Structural
Technical
Chr8tp-17E9
Shaw-Smith
collection
Somerville9
annotation
recombination
crystallin
encompassing
complexity
variants60
Haploview
evolutionary
non-coding
facilitated
Pritchard
Grant-in-Aid
Ishikawa2,3
statistical
Smith­Magenis
Scientific
microdeletion
Cockerham
Multi-allelic
analysis69,74
communication
suppressor
Christiansen
Nishimura2
framework
Dimitrios Kalaitzopoulos1
Polymorphically duplicated
association
structural
significant enrichment
euchromatic
performing technical
Chr6tp-11A11
Pullenayegum
identified
Canada/Ontario
CRYBB2-CRYBB3 b-crystallin
characterized
ARTICLES
apolipoprotein
individual overlapping
non-coding sequences43
frequency
Biomedical
assumption
copy-number
Armengol8
hybridisation
Non-allelic homologous
perception
University
divergence
multi-allelic
nonhomologous
homologous
oligonucleotide
resolution breakpoint
chromosomal
NA07000
likelihood
Cambridge
abnormalities52
under-represented
inevitable overestimation
probability
neighbouring polymorphic
Microarray
McCarroll
DECIPHER
impossible
CNV-specific genotyping
Seguridad
structural variation36
ultra-conserved
Gratacos8
available technology
convention
molecular
population differentiation
Biallelic
Institute Postdoctoral
`Departament d'Universitats
Heritability
higher-resolution
Chr6tp5C12
Genome-wide association
Rousseeuw
longer-term
disequilibrium
congenital
Carson5,6
a-Synuclein
Catalunya
Frequency
SNP-based whole-genome
Hirschhorn
Valentonyte
differential demographic
10Department
Estimating
Regulation
substantial
MacDonald5
population variability
Dallaire7
Percentage
interchromosomal duplications
Independent
proliferation
correlation coefficient
culture-induced
responsible
Sarcoidosis
Scherer5,6
phosphorylation-related
fine-scale
chromosomes
discerning
Statistical significance
Generalitat
neurodegenerative disorders
preliminary
Williams­Beuren syndromes39
nucleotide
Frequency Chr8tp-10C3
non-called
false-negative
surprising
nephronophthisis
disease-associated
CNV-1367
high-throughput
threshold proportion
duplication
Chromosome
non-coding elements75
Duplications
Fellowship
Innovation
threshold
microsatellites59
Supplementary Information
principal
Heterogeneous duplications
Genotyping
proportion
Zawalnyski
pathogenic duplications
identification
Population clustering
PelizaeusMerzbacher
dosage-sensitive
Nevertheless
frontotemporal
exhibiting
Reproducibility
transposition
highresolution
Grants-in-Aid
architecture
duplication/deletion
locus-specific quantitative
predictive
Inheritance
nonAfrican populations
Ultra-conserved
schizophrenia
individual
truncating
dysmorphic
Performance
polymorphic
flanking/encompassed
disease-related
test/reference
Ophthalmic
array-CGH
microduplication
available
Schachowsky
complementary
importance
complement
heterogeneous
6Department
Charcot-Marie-Tooth
nomenclature
genotypes5,7,25
Individual
whole-genome association
contribution
expression
experimental
Ultimately
characterization
Discussion
parent­offspring
Sixty-seven non-redundant
intrachromosomal duplications
adaptation
gene-containing
disability/mental retardation
considering
Fine-scale structural
encompass overlapping
discrimination
California
Comparison
generating
determination
single-nucleotide polymorphism
crossover
Consequently
population clustering61
subtelomeric
reciprocal
Supplementary
untaggable
cumulative distribution
phenotypic
purifying
earlyonset Alzheimer
selection-associated
Furthermore
Histograms
psoriasis-susceptibility
Genome-wide
Correspondence
containing
righthand
one-quarter
microarray
difficult
development
independent
Instituto
Hardy­Weinberg disequilibrium
categories3
Investigator
Institute
comprehensive
penetrance
appreciable
normalization
arbitrary threshold
Dermitzakis
multilocus
Woodwark1
Investigaciones Sanitarias
inability
relationships4
differentiation suggestive
significant difference
Similarly
proximity
Estimating F-statistics
sarcoidosis
Molecular
visualization
large-scale
demographic
Diagnostic
triplolethality
chi-squared
Acknowledgements
hybridization
first-generation
homozygous
definitive
largeinsert
Stankiewicz
preference
decipher/
left-hand
technology platforms
Departament d'Universitats
Glucuronidation
triplication
identifying
Non-coding
deleterious
individuals
arbitrary
Pathology
Functional
platforms
continuous distribution
International
corneodesmosin
disrupting
highlighting
clone-based comparative
integration
SNP-related
Alzheimer
Massachusetts
Brakenhoff
Population
Stefansson
collection25
Autosomal-dominant
xenobiotic conjugation63,64
cell-signalling
Extrapolation
comparison
Large-scale
Altshuler
compatible
Chouinard
international collaboration
duplicaWGTP
age-related
Burwinkel
technical assistance
transposable
significant
Disorders
haplotype
functional
Approximately
Broeckhoven
involvement
false-positive
clustering
additional
Evolutional
variation/
copynumber
influencing
metabolism
Ultraconserved
population distribution
Affymetrix
Bioinformatics
histogram
Wirtenberger
Following
UDP-glucuronosyl transferase
biallelic
Joseph-George
understood
characteristic
genotyping platforms
Engineering
Epstein­Barrvirus-transformed lymphoblastoid
neurophysiological
Publishing
platformdependent
Introduction
influence
replicable
multi-site
co-segregation
chromosome
Kawaguchi
FitzPatrick
duplications
application
Drosophila melanogaster
heterozygous
predominant
Prader­Willi
noncoding
genotype­phenotype
convincing
aneuploidy
influence susceptibility
duplicative transposition57
syndrome21
structure
heritability
algorithm
Wholegenome
3Dependable
neighbouring
chromosome susceptible
signalling
chromosomal duplication
Contributions
enrichment
