Visual±haptic discrimination
represent
permeable
Disturbance
Immediate perceptual
phenomenon
Multiplication
Physiological
Intersensory cooperation
binocular disparity
visuomotor adaptation
integrated visual±haptic
best-®tting cumulative
Synaesthesia
psychophysical
mechanism
Declining biodiversity
adjustment
Forcefeedback
Foundation
Psycholog
grassland experiment
interesting
proportion
re¯ection
Probability Probability
iso-oriented ones1±17
target1±27
sequential
comparison stimulus
Although
Cardinale
suspension
fundamental
Acknowledgements
presentation
Frechette
identical
Biodiversity
distorting
downstream
Maximum-likelihood estimation
Ecosystem
perception18
Measurement
aggregation
PHANToMs
background
performance
difference
within-modality discrimination
environmental
stiffness
visual-alone experiment
maximum-likelihood integrator
Kashiwada
Normalized comparison
stimulus
normalized reciprocal
unnecessary
maximum-likelihood
Predicted Empirical
topographical complexity
haptic-alone experiment
Efference
hydrodynamic
Program/School
Northampton
proprioceptive
Estimator reliability
freshwater
high-contrast
random-dot stereogram
contextual interference
available
Michelotti
Implementation
Discrimination
functional diversity
noise-free
Proportion
lowest-variance
competition
plausible
®lter-feeding
perspective
conscious experience
discrimination Visual­haptic
complementarity
Performance
Hydropsyche
displacement
signi®cance
boundary-layer
Psychonomic
euclidian
apparatus
Microhabitat variation
integration
Gharamani
haptic-alone threshold
experiment
Jenkinson
Trichoptera
forced-choice
University
Adaptation
bioroughness
Bulthoff
perception
interfacial
localization
importance
biodiversity±ecosystem
Duchassaing
Simuliidae
perpendicular
Shachack
Festinger
normalization assumption
cylindrical
relationship
hydropsychid distributional
situation
heightÐand
psychometric
Apparatus
stimulus presentation
PHANToM force-feedback
behaviour
Department
biodiversity
Integration
consumption
Visual­haptic Predicted
Sometimes incomplete
compliance
non-uniformity
pointby-point multiplication
stereogram
represent probability
sensitive
estimator
neighbor
stereoscopic
consumption2
estimation
experimental
Different behaviour
Psychology
manuscript
Sanguineti
Scienti®c
BioScience
visual±haptic integration
non-parametric Mann±Whitney
rectangular1
Accordingly
determine
registration
proportional
Standard
Theoretical
short-range interac433
iso-oriented
bryozoan
Justnoticeable
Perception
CrystalEyes
Diversity
estimation integration
uniformity
Self-organization
Biological Cybernetics
informationÐthe
Aggregation
Observers
regression analysis
Proportion `taller'
California
statement
Competing
different information
assessment
theoretical
corrected-to-normal
Comparison
direction
diversity
hypothetical
conducting discrimination
Princeton
intersensory organization
JANUARY
Hillsdale
Starczak
reciprocal variances8±15
dissecting microscope
parabolic
long-term grassland
behaviour10
Macmillan Magazines
Procedure Within-modality
haptic-alone discrimination
Partitioning selection
population
vision-alone discrimination
discrimination experiment
Stereograms representative
Computational
ecosystem
receptive
represent visual-alone
empirical
liquid-crystal
after-effect
just-noticeable difference
within-modality
StereoGraphics
dominance
distribution
Estimated
in¯uenced
Incorporating
feedback
visual±haptic discrimination
Neurobiology
Visual­haptic discrimination
calculation
micrometer
discrepancy
Psychometric
destabilization
threedimensional
corresponding
orthogonal
Abscissa
regression
Correspondence
territoriality
Optometry
functioning
caddis¯y
combination
Extra-retinal
Asymmetric
cumulative
Visual-alone
roughness
Sheinberg
equipment
out-of-the-body
neighbouring
Psychophys
Information Processing
discrepant
Turbulence
Within-modality discrimination
composition
ecosystem productivity
Argonnenstrasse
deviation
independent
cross-fusing
contextual modulation
workspace
information
Institute
L'Encephale
intersensory discrepancy
different
signi®cantly
cue-combination
ecological
important
re-evaluating
visual±haptic difference
diversity±productivity
productivity
horizontal
l'experience d'Aristote
subjective
two-interval
observation
Topographical complexity
just-discriminable
correspond
analysis
visual±haptic experiment
Oecologia
principle
discrimination threshold
Threshold
Amsterdam
parametric
Neurophysiol
Physical
