exclusive
evolutionary
similarity
Biochemistry
C57BL/6
Mammalian Circannual
Circannual Pacemaker
Espadaler
­structural exclusion
Leadbetter
combining structural
long-lived
singlish-interface
statistical
Department
Coexpression correlation
transient character
principal
Supporting
Clarke,2
correlation Evolutionary
microbial suppression
exclusion
close-packed
correlation Simultaneously
proportion
available homologous
prolactin-secreting
compendium expression
production
treatment
Although
endogenous
pituitary mechanism
correspondence
exclusive interactions
permission
CLARIFICATIONS ERRATUM
activation
pituitary-based
multiinterface
reproduction
Molecular Biophysics
anonymous
CORRECTIONS
TLRindependent
preferential attachment
long-term
structural
evolution
Evolutionary
additional mechanisms
excluding
SCIENCE ERRATUM
nonsynonymous
Washington
component Coexpression
Paccanaro
dominance
consensus
immunization
Cambridge
reasonable
arbitrary
biological
Yamamoto
Networks
Finkelman
accessible
Singlish-interface
requirement
protein-complex evolution
three-dimensional
Conversely
generation
essentiality Expression
consistent
interface Distinguish
circadian
hibernation
migration
three-dimensional structures
existence
interactions interactions
Three-Dimensional
mutational
interacting
representative
Zinkernagel
Interactome
Medzhitov
viability
Mutually exclusive
different interacting
non-TLR­mediated
Subdividing
Gerstein1,2,3*
Interface
structural information
slower-evolving
duplicated
approach
available
supporting
Interaction
responses
interactions
importance
SCIENCE
University
Sometimes
component
interacting interface
possibility
TRIF-dependent
homologous structures
anticipation
self/nonself discrimination
coevolution
Multi-interface
Correlation
Chemistry
likelihood
physiology
Steinmetz
topology
Simultaneously Mutually
interaction
cytokine-driven polarization
single-interface
September
Supported
dependence
contradiction
controversy
all-singlish
structural interaction
anatomical
homologous
interactive
high-resolution
nonclassical
inference
significant
Copyright
synonymous
Advancement
REPORTS
adjuvants
Duplicate
Myd88-/-
Expression correlation
reflective
Distinguish overlaping
conventional
Eisenberg
coexpression correlation
additional
pacemaker-slave
RO1GM44809
trademark
centrality
stimulation
Downloaded
regulation
non-overlapping interfaces
initiation
Characterizing
maintenance
secretion
antigenspecific
molecular
high-affinity
Furthermore
Association
Theofilopoulos
essential component
Additionally
relationship
JANUARY
Andersson
Bioinformatics
Dependence
infection
duplication-mutation
effective preferential
Computational
permanent
signaling
particular
interaction Multi-interface
interaction Singlishinterface
Consequently
Ontology
related-content
structures
ndogenous circannual
Lichtenberg
withingenome
References
exclusive interaction
multi-interface
circannual regulation
following
distribution
systems-level description
canonical preferential
autologous
singlish-multi
5Department
Information
scale-free
preimmune development
2Department
correction
interaction interfaces
straightforward structural
manuscript
TNP-Ficoll
structural explanation
hexagonal
T32AI07606
information
fellowship
correlation coefficient
MyD88/TRIF­independent
discussion
CORRECTED
mechanism
cell­dependent
adjuvant
MyD88-deficient
essentiality
Gianoulis
DECEMBER
canonical
Interestingly
different interface
expression correlation
independent
abstraction
temporary
intrapituitary
atomic-resolution information
circannual
cross-referencing
prolactin secretion
interactome
Hazlerigg4
variation
accessory
complexes
important
augmentation
suppression
long-held understanding
AI050241
Issel-Tarver
supporting information
Wilcoxon
structure
acknowledgment
preimmune
TLR-mediated
cell-cell interactions
expression
correspond
transient
Sarvetnick
interacting accessible
low-confidence interactions
representative multi-interface
IFN-a/bR
duplication
enrichment
incomplete
different interfaces
