cell-cycle regulator
species10
species11
database18
similarity
GTGCAATA GTGCCTTA
Ninety-five
`non-conserved
ACACTGGA GTATATAG
low-redundancy comparative
stability
`conservation
circuitry
haematopoietic
artificial
posttranscriptional
GGGYGTGnY TGASTMAGC
additional mammals37
Ultraconserved
consensus sequences
MicroRNAs
Supplementary Information
systematic identification
reminiscent
additional mammalian
amplification
probability
pseudo-colour
directional
half-site sequences
interesting
characterization
proportion
ATTTATCG GGCAGCTA
TGTAGATA ACACTACA
wholegenome alignment
non-coding functional
TGAATGTA ACGGTACA
biomedical
extraordinary importance
AGACAATC TGCTGCTA
Mann­Whitney
analogous
SCGGAAGY ACTAYRnnnCCCR
transcriptional regulation
biogenesis
downstream
GGCAGCTA GCTGTAAA
complementarity
web-based prediction
genome1­8
degradation
base-pairing
ACTAYRNNNCCCR
ACGGTACA CAGTATTA
TGGACCAA GTAAATAG
enumeration
sequencing
experimentally
probabilistic algorithm
ATGTAGCA ACACTGGA
well-studied Err-a-binding
ACTACTGA TGGACCAA
structural
well-known
significant enrichment
Evolutionary
GGAAnCGGAAnY
Systematic discovery
Kulbokas1
GTATATAG TTTGATAA
positional preference
RNA-folding
Discovered
genome-wide co-occurrence
AAGGGCTA AGCTTTAA
Human-mouse
Pennacchio
comprehensive catalogue
AAGCCATA ACTGTGAA
Blanchette
conclusion
regulatory sequences
microRNAs
computational algorithm
Intelligence Laboratory
combinatory
clustering
Subramanian
erroneous
representative
well-annotated
foundation
elements35
consistent
specificity
TGTTTACA GCACTTTA
Specifically
TTAYRTAA
Conservation
GTACAGTT CACCAGCA
Biomedical
challenge
statistic
CTAWWWATA
International
Discovery
miR-17-5p
consensus
three-way
phosphorylation
Relationship
complementary
TGGTGCTA CTATGCAA
expressed
sequences complementary
nonprotein-coding
TMTCGCGAnR TGAYRTCA
messenger
Massachusetts
nearpalindromic
Jones-Rhoades
homologous mammalian
transcription-factor
TCAnnTGAY
comparable
CGCAAAAA GTGCCAAA
evaluating
dictionary
identified9
respectively
equivalent
criteria16,31
Comparable
GTAAATAG TGTAGATA
understanding
TGTANATA
refinement
Wasserman
TGAYRTCA GCCATnTTG
Published
regulatory
miRNAassociated
Distribution
tissues24
Alignments
estrogen-response
comparison
TTTTGTAC ACATTCCA
Cambridge
orthologous
constraint
Berezikov
Estrogen-related
non-randomness
Phylogenetic shadowing
systematic procedure
financial
tissue-specific expression
TRANSFAC
CTACCTCA Conservation
equal-sized
TMTCGCGANR
degeneracy
Technology
Alignment
Bioinformatics
post-transcriptional
ATACGGGT AAGCACAA
miR-30e-5p
systematic discovery
inclusion
Additional
CTCAGGGA CAAGTGCC
Identification
Prediction
CAGTATTA TTGCATGT
functional
Approximately
non-conserved
Microarray
mitochondrial
Asterisks
CYTAGCAAY GCAnCTGnY
computational identification
`shuffled
AGCTTTAA ATTTATCG
LocusLink
nucleotide composition
ACCAAAGA TGTTTACA
Conclusion
considering
observation
hsa-let-7a
CAAGTGCC ACTACTGA
publication
Comprehensive identification
prevalence
RCGCAnGCGY
distinctive positional
Phylogenetic footprinting
regulation
GCTGTAAA GCACTAAT
development
structure
comparable collection
Regulatory
percentage
YATGnWAAT CCAnnAGRKGGC
assessment
contiguous
experimental verification
TGTATAGT AAGGGCTA
Comparison
significant positional
corresponding
Additionally
GTTRYCATRR TGACCTTG
compendium
Experimental validation
comprehensive inventory
best-conserved
overlapping
GGGAGGRR
CTATGCAA TACTTGAA
parentheses
controlling
discovery procedure
GGTACGAA TGTATAGT
purification
AAAGGTGC ATGTAGCA
GCCATnTTG MGGAAGTG
translation
PGC-1a-dependent
RNA-binding
evolutionary conservation
abundance
experimental procedure
Acknowledgements
GCGnnAnTTCC CATTGTYY
stem-loop
characteristic
intergenic
symmetric distribution
definition
Watson­Crick
regulator
functional sequences
frequency
YGCGYRCGC GGGYGTGnY
CACCAGCA GGTACGAA
Comparative
distribution
procedure
microRNAs downregulate
TTTGATAA AAGCATGC
transcriptional
Publishing
Nonetheless
polyadenylation
phylogenetic
Vertebrate
ACACTACA GTACAGTT
CATTGTYY RGAGGAARY
RYTTCCTG
systematic catalogue
TCGCATGA CTCAGGGA
degenerate
brain-related
comparative
GCACTAAT AAAGGTGC
`conserved occurrence
miRNA-based regulation
chromosome
Correspondence
TGACCTTG
containing
significant proportion
relationship
TGASTMAGC YTATTTTnR
AAGCACAA TTTGCACT
transcription
translational
experimental validation
apolipoprotein
miR-142-3p
positional
different nucleotide
protein-encoding
best-matching
Sequencing
genome-wide
stem-loop sequences
TTGCATGT TCGCATGA
composition
difficult
TGACCTTG TCCCRnnRTGC
independent
description
information
Institute
TACTTGAA CGCAAAAA
GTTGnYnnRGnAAC YATGnWAAT
different
Directionality
miRNA-related
polymerase
redundancy
evolutionary comparison
characters
CCAnnAGRKGGC WTTGKCTG
nucleotide
annotation
Massachusetts Institute
non-degenerate
TCCCRnnRTGC TTCYnRGAA
miR-30a-5p
mitochondrial respiratory
over-specified
Dermitzakis
Whitehead Institute
TGCTGCTA TTTTGTAC
expression
calculated
sufficient statistical
TGGN6KCCAR
ACTGTGAA AGACAATC
enrichment
individual occurrence
4-kilobase
ACATTCCA TGAATGTA
fundamental
correlation
GTGCCTTA CTACCTCA
comparisons
validation
YTATTTTnR CYTAGCAAY
Artificial Intelligence
disruptive
