represent
protocol
experimental time-course
distances
transmitting
Behavioral
Chemical
frequency
Controlling
threshold
Progress
alternative
macroscopic
encounters concentration
Supplementary Information
Synthesis
heuristic
Marseille
Scientific
parameters
interesting
similarity
Mechanisms
Residual
systematic formulation
Correspondence
combining turbulent
contrary
Acknowledgements
Nakayama
Bab-Hadiashar
Received
2Universite
downstream
extended crosswind
possible
Reinforcement
Simulation
invariant
turbulence
difference
encounter
dimensional
numerical simulation
exponential
Shimoyama
approach
simplistic hypothesis
Olfaction
specific
realistic
right-hand
Biomimetic
informa1
distribution posterior
Simulations
Institut Universitaire
downward
d-function
Mafra-Neto
mathematical
Balkovsky
root-meansquare
classical
sequence
turbulent
searching
Specifically
hke2h/k
detection
Dusenbery
intensity
time-step
infotactic
detectible
creatures
Detection
chemo-orientation
probable
Singapore
information acquisition
METHODS Estimation
Infotactic trajectories
detections
symmetric
Clarendon
experiment
information-theoretic approach
greyscale
exploitative
subscript
Shraiman3 Chemotactic
conditions
Vergassola
available
attractant
Gawedzki
Robustness
University
standard
behaviour
efficiency
separation
fluctuations
concreteness
invertebrate
likelihood
F-13384 Marseille
posterior probability
entropy26,27
comparison
Cambridge
prescription
silkworm
Emmanuel Villermaux2
sffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffi
time-independent
exploitation
propagation
pheromone
expression
experimental
gas/odor plume-tracking
Vergassola1
computational
probability
large-scale
encounters
spreading
successive
autonomous
isotropic effective
probability distribution
fluid-advected
exponential dependence
experiencing
Institut
Theoretical
orientation
corresponding probability
spread-out
additional
trajectory
Odor-source localization
Modelling
reduction
detectable
California
crosswind excursion
advection
November
theoretical
remarking
direction
Princeton
maximization
Interestingly
modelling
Expectations
transient
Archimedean
Fine-scale structure
particular
injection
high-concentration conditions
preferential
plausible
conservative `exploration
Falkovich
intuitive
characteristic
challenge
detectability
Snapshots
performing olfactory
Olfactory
infinitesimal
exploration
LETTERS performing
demonstrate
`zigzagging
Zigzagging
acquisition
Massachusetts
LETTERS `Infotaxis
Publishing
Introduction
averaging
Furthermore
measurement
locations
Elkinton
Particles
financial
Villermaux
accounting
concentration
consistent progression
Nakamoto
Moriizumi
information
different
productive
Telecommunication
exploratory
olfactory
Quantitative characterization
Parameters
signal-to-noise
chemotaxis
performance
practical situation
effective diffusivity
difficult
conflicting
extended
Nagasawa
Shepherd
Institute
crosswind
molecular diffusion
variation
aggregation
Actuators
`exploitation
independent
`exploration
propagate
quantitative
chemoattractant
dynamical
algorithm
autonomous underwater
durpffiffiffiffiffiffi
Technopole
neighbouring
principle
`infotaxis
Reynolds
