4Department
Tuffereau
Diederichs
Significant associations
Department
Supporting
Forrest,1
autosomal
significance threshold
endogenous
probe-variant
Tomizaki
additional correction
chemosensory
Bystrykh
Beazley,1
transmission
Radiation Facility
Fredericksen
bacterial
attributable
mutational
assistance
localization
Bourgeois
Duquerroy
Jardetzky
genotyping
understanding
Scherer,6,7
Segmental
7Department
Distribution
Kleinjan
software development
Computational
Synchrotron Radiation
technical
Stranger,1
different regulatory
permutation
Technology
association analysis
clone-probe
classification
different laboratory
Physique
clone-expression associations
corrected threshold
conventional
Single-nucleotide
Bioinformatics
Nucleotide
nonredundant
Christine
populations
corrected
Villigen
disruption
transient
normalized
Expression Expression
SNP-associated
following
Tecnologie Biomediche-Sezione
2Department
long-distance associations
Krissinel
information
respective
CEU-CHB-YRI CEU-JPT-YRI
Molecular Graphics
Blumenthal
intracellular
Oleksiak
Virology
l'éducation nationale
CEU-CHB-JPT-YRI CEU-CHB-JPT
permutation threshold
Churchill
A-motility
effective
long-range
redundant
dispensable
encompassing
complexity
Clone-expression association
Chernomordik
Heyningen
exclusive
correlation
Biochemistry
Microbiology
Pritchard
potential contribution
Extensive
clone-associated
Scientific
acknowledge
permutation significance
regulatory landscape
imbalance
stringency associations
correspondence
evolution
Advancement
compound
comprehensive exploration
phenotypic diversity
susceptibility
euchromatic
realistic
Canada/Ontario
Bressanelli
Scherrer Institut
frequency
CompLife
Bonferroni correction
stringent permutation
Shaevitz,2 Patricia
fellowship
Chaudhry
S-motility
interactions
University
midpoint
difficulty
Ministère
formation
regulatory
aglZ-yfp
Cambridge
Thorne,2
September
Lefrancois
Baumeister
consequence
high-resolution
Copyright
Single-letter
McCarroll
flagella
Kohlbacher
Lippincott
Downloaded
regulation
UGT2B17
Association
exploring
retraction
disequilibrium
population
expression variation
Frequency
Information
coordinate Expression
Bullough
false-positive association
Philadelphia
manuscript
substantial
Crawford
Williams
FEBRUARY
CEU-YRI CHB-JPT
transcription
mechanism
satisfactory false-discovery
CNV-expression associations
adjusting
single-nucleotide
significant CNV-expression
CEU-JPT-YRI CHB-JPT-YRI
Statistical significance
steady-state
significant
transcript
Massachusetts Institute
Panagiotis Deloukas,1
observation
elucidating
duplication
multiple populations
selection
genomewide
accession
Coordinates
SNPexpression associations
Expression VARiation
threshold
knowledge
proportion
Interrogation
Carter,1
structural variation
permission
heritable
time-lapse
different populations
Washington
microscopy
GENEVAR
reference
reinforce
individual
comprehensive interrogation
AglZ-YFP localization
affecting expression
populations Percentage
numerous
available
comparable
Dunning,2 Catherine
AglZ­yellow fluorescent
attention
Tyler-Smith,1
recherche
Vandepol
contribution
expression
experimental
large-scale
Stankiewicz
expression association
platform
normalized quantitative
trademark
Leukemia
California
exhibition
direction
sufficient
essential framework
CEU-JPT CEU-YRI
Adjusted
clone-expression
Marshall
CHB-YRI JPT-YRI
SNP-expression
evaluated
Somerville
Nonetheless
Integrative
Motility
clone-expression association
comparative
regression
different
phenotypic variation
recurrent
Variation
3Department
Zauberman
Institute
comprehensive
Emmanouil
Segretain
multiallelic
Nonredundant
significant association
Dermitzakis
analysis
bacterium Myxococcus
Examples
rod-shaped bacterium
coordinate
stringent
Wellcome
lymphoblastoid
Springer-Verlag
statistical replication
association
relevance
Ferradosa
hybridization
Permutation threshold
SNP-CNV
largeinsert
possible
Consortium
CEU-CHB CEU-JPT
preference
necessary
Concertée Incitative
recipient
Oncology
Grassi,3
permuting
specific
individuals
indication
Pathology
technologie
International
SNP-probe
Benmansour
Complexes
reference individual
significant associations
genotypes
CEU-CHB-JPT CEU-CHB-YRI
SCIENCE
confidence
substratum
Hartzell,3
comparison
December
Consiglio Nazionale
Evidence
HighWire
associations significant
Strength
Disorders
Kruglyak
functional
CHB-JPT-YRI CEU-CHB
Replication
significant long-distance
detectable
UGT2B10
UGT2B11
CHB-JPT CHB-YRI
Expression Phenotypes
Thirty-four
epistatic interactions
Switzerland
transcriptional repressor
variation affecting
robustness
Bacterial
expression associations
contribute
experimental variation
chromosome
Gram-negative rod-shaped
higherresolution
high-quality quantitative
department
Lymphoma
Nationale
Recherche
variation
genealogical
important
suppression
structure
Tavaré,2,8 Panagiotis
Robinson
Gerringer
validation
resolution
enrichment
regression coefficient
