represent
splicing
resistance
grateful
Wilson,1
Department
abundant
annotation available
Supporting
protein/translated
analogous
idenDepartment
Clinical Biochemistry
Paediatrics
upstream
Diekhans
Brisbane
phosphorylation
enclosing
biological
Hinrichs
consistent
first-degree
TFAP2B/PKHD1
FLJ22611
intestinalis
alternate splicing
Metabolic Diseases
6Medical Research
equivalent
Homeobox
Schinner,1
KIAA1474
respectively
Biomolecular Engineering
understanding
Published
physiology
technical
Compared
Drosophila ortholog
chromosomal
GRIA3/STAG2
X-linked Mendelian
positive
elements represent
nonexonic
Bioinformatics
singlenucleotide
Diabetes
C10orf11
Soukhanova
downstream neighbor
Research Laboratory
interaction
Expression
Ovcharenko
FLJ13188
homeobox
self-regulating
intronic
mammalian
3Laboratory
following
2Department
calculation
Addenbrooke
nonobese 34year-old
Caucasian
information
Australian Research
Barroso8,9
Ultra-conserved Elements
adjacent
Structural
Strangeways Research
containing
Buschling
Haussler
threonine
Exclusive
IRX3/IRX5/IRX6
leukemia transcription
pre-mRNA
Gonzalez
exclusive
evolutionary
polypyrimidine
Haussler2*
Sabarinadh
existence
Copyright
Annotation Enrichment
mellitus
correspondence
combination
alternative splicing
functional
Hospital
association
Sequencing Consortium
Functional
magnitude
Pennacchio
Blanchette
Genomics
Subramanian
Bliskovski
Transcription
noncoding ultraconserved
particular structural
hypomutable
distinct enrichment
cerebral
Institute
POLA/ARX elements
University
divergence
possibility
Schafer,8
regulatory
Cambridge
polymerase
HAT1/DLX1/DLX2 SP3/PTD004
monogenic
high-resolution
Rockefeller University
probability
wild-type
Hofacker
Wareham,6
Downloaded
regulation
Computational Molecular
identity
percentage
molecular
AKT3/ZNF238
vertebrates
Association
noncoding elements
Stoffel,3
explanation
Zajac-Kaye
signaling
extensive analysis
population
Ultraconserved Elements
secondary structure
vertebrate ultraconserved
significant functional
POLA/ARX
Aruscavage
providing
Information
DNA-related
splicing overlapping
Waterston
Lineage-specific
similar-sized
Patterson
transcription
mechanism
Davies,7
potential
castor-ortholog
multiple
Annotation enrichment
significant
nonexonic elements
duplication
RNA-related
Chromosome
selection
Murgatroyd,1
Christian Wolfrum,3
Causeway
Research
intergenic elements
BRUNOL4 LZK1/LHX1/AATF
flanking intronic
threshold
RANBP17
Biotechnology Information
grandmother
Acerini,2
knowledge
spliceosome
untranslated
different flanking
enriched
epilepsy
permission
Traveling Fellowship
Barford,4
preparing
TALE/PBX homeobox
Organization
ultraconserved self-regulated
evolution
InterPro
Washington
offering important
Hardison
Ashburner
intergenic
well-known RNA-binding
sensitivity
Inherited
individual
HIC/TFEC
Caenorhabditis
Sequencing Consortia
non-exonic elements
International Conference
invariant
available
importance
adenosine
overlapped
orthopedia-ortholog
GARNL1/GARNL2
O'Rahilly,1
Stephen,3
glutamate receptor
Non-exonic ultraconserved
megabase
Williams,2
Boffelli
expression
Pheasant,3
polygenic
arginine/serine-rich splicing
Dartford
intronic elements
addition
trademark
Epidemiology
reduction
California
Queensland
Ontology
consecutive
Chiaromonte
DMRT1/DMRT3
promoter
Endrizzi
Drosophila dachshund
purifying
self-regulated alternatively-spliced
concatenation
ontogeny
paralogous
different
significant divergence
Schoenberger
autosomal dominant
development
independent
Tokarchick
FLJ10597
phosphoinositide-3 phosphate-dependent
self-regulatory
Dermitzakis
database
orthologous
analysis
machinery
insulin-sensitive
inability
dominant inheritance
stringent
Wellcome
ribosomal
alignment
previous
generous
catalytic
Molecular Bioscience
specific noncoding
Although
identical
homozygous
Makunin,3
ultraconserved intronic
Mattick,3
possible
transcription regulation
-galactosidase
prominent
AKT2/PKB
neuroretina-specific
Endocrinology
indication
Moreover
essential
Tevethia
protein-coding
sequence
Resistance
­megabase
chromosomes
matching
recognition
developmental
paralogy relationship
missense
intergenic ultraconserved
Umpleby,5 Nicholas
Bhardwaj
SCIENCE
Drosoplila melanogaster
processing
Proceedings
substitution
comparison
Rosenbloom
anything
significant structure
December
HighWire
evolutionary analysis
Advancement
REPORTS
Dunger,2
clustering
ultraconserved elements
additional
metabolic
fast-evolving
SP4/SP8
conservation
hyperinsulinemic
overlapping
Research Institute
sequence similarity
ancestral
Locations
Langlois
detectable
5Department
transcriptional
co-located
evidence
chromosome
recognizable
protein-nucleic
calibration
heterozygous
February
variation
important
References
structure
containing ultraconserved
enrichment
retardation
sequence overlapping
precedent
