neighbors
represent
Mathivanan
integrative framework
comprehensive analysis
visualizable
Investigating
optimization criterion
abundant
Deshpande
dimensionality
expression experiment
expression coherence
technique
environment
Hishigaki
Kislinger
Papadimitriou
advantage
Integrative analysis
phenotypes
TF-binding
Aebersold
cellular
Validation
specific condition
partitions
homogenize
Hirozane-Kishikawa
n-neighborhood
Discovering molecular
functional annotations
D'Haeseleer
biological
Teichmann
graphical interface
revolution
neighborhood
consistent
Wholeproteome prediction
post-processing
structure prediction
log-likelihood
bacterial
leave-one-out
synthetic sickness
Detection
probabilistic framework
machine-learning algorithms
functional information
different properties
NetworkBlast algorithm
different annotation
molecular interaction
Escherichia
Categories
ArrayExpress
Venkatesan
Chandrika
Unannotated
refinement
Scholkopf
Biotechnol
knowledge
Computational
interaction networks
Markovian assumption
inference
multiterminal
Ulitsky1
physical interactions
analyzing
graph-clustering algorithms
Evaluation
Flannick
edge-weighted
edgebetweenness clustering
confidence
network-based
Network-based prediction
different algorithms
direction
centrality
comparative assessment
Bioinformatics
annotations
fundamental challenge
successful
cellular localization
adjacency
benchmark
particular
Transcriptional regulation
Expanding
Topological structure
Hartwell
Comparative assessment
Combining
Conference
immediate neighborhood
multiway
corresponding algorithm
Barabasi
Numerous graph-clustering
Probabilistic Integrating
Integration
weighting
Periaswamy
Thompson
Module-assisted
Superparamagnetic clustering
Steinfeld
discussion
Altschuler
methodology
detecting molecular
significance
genome-wide
parameter
Expression analysis
transduction
Kaminski
whole-genome expression
Scholtens
Iterative
Phansalkar
collection
detection sensitivity
connectivity
membership
moduleassisted
molecular interactions
approximate inference
Parmigiani
effective
correspond
annealing
fundamental
correlation
topological properties
gene-regulatory pathways
bipartite
Nandakumar
interpretation
systematic annotation
hierarchy
Vespignani
signaling pathways
genome-scale networks
existence
protein­DNA
quantitative phenotypic
Quantitative monitoring
statistic combining
interesting
comparative performance
flow-based
suboptimal
induction repression
standard clustering
Stockwell
inadvertent evaluation
WormBase
Zimmermann
functional similarity
fundamental differences
Alternatively
Analysis
Heterogeneous
`functional
Synthetic lethality
subnetwork
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Chazelle
nonessential
Clustering
Gentleman
applicable
frequency
interplay
measurement
Hesselberth
withinand
physical interaction
Revealing
phenotypic sensitivity
large-scale networks
cut-based
Expansion
Buhlmann
cost-based
available large-scale
Automated modelling
integrative annotation
specific algorithms
simultaneous analysis
interactions
Gruissem
University
Uncertainty
specific conditions
formation
Correlation
regulatory
detecting
Eisenberg
likelihood
definition
Cambridge
Ouzounis
efficient approach
recovering
September
utilization
modularity
Graph-theoretic
introduction
probability
Altaf-Ul-Amin
Cytoscape
Systems-level
biological community
Microarray
IsselTarver
Detecting functional
specificity
methodological
Naturally
identification Integrating
clustering algorithms
sensitivity sensitivity
subnetworks
biomolecular interaction
Precision
heterogeneous genomewide
structures
quantitative evaluation
relationship
likelihood-based
immediate
neighbor-counting
environmental
High-confidence Medium-confidence
sensitive pathways
functional association
predicting functions
Medium-confidence interaction
representing
maximum-cut-based
impractical
Marzioch
normalizing
propagate functional
appealing
different expression
high-scoring
onedimensional
biochemical
proteome-scale
decompose
inferring
Venclovas
Czekanovski­Dice
Ringwald
Development
properties corresponding
transcription
systematic evaluation
complexity
emphasis
potential
Tel-Aviv
all-pair
performance
high-flow
accuracy
module-assisted
Classical computational
Exploiting
Collective
'small-world
biological networks
topology information
significant
successive
Biological
sophisticated
probabilistic
High-throughput two-hybrid
observation
Hollunder
pre-specified
expression machinery
partition
highscoring
probabilistic graphical
Goldberg
principle
quantifying
co-clustering methodology
represent different
selection
Flammini
co-complexed
vÞ2EðCÞ
Srinivasan
convergence
identifying functional
threshold
availability
PRODISTIN
Dahlhaus
simulating
parameters
implementation
theoretic Letovsky
clustering coefficient
topological
probabilistic formulation
Conserved pathways
systematic quantitative
comparative analysis
intuitive similarity
compendia
Mannhaupt
International Conference
accessibility
reliabilities
arsenic-response
expectation
standard hierarchical
interaction interaction
Hierarchical clustering-based
conjunction
Additional similarity
available annotation
conditions
Schoenfeld
experiments
Proteomics
Ashburner
highthroughput experiments
Networks
Galitski
purification experiments
constructing
prediction accuracy
spectrometry-based
Specifically
detection
individual
biclustering algorithm
programming reformulation
theoretic
Sanderson
important prerequisite
exploited
Kurschner
transcriptomic
complementary
functional classification
Cabusora
cooperation
clustering algorithm
approach
discovery
superparamagnetic clustering
heuristic
commercial
Differential
Kasarskis
graph-theoretic analysis
interface
different module-assisted
Computational Intelligence
topology
Neighborhood
homogeneous second-order
scale-free
non-overlapping
detection algorithm
Sherlock
Munsterkotter
expression
otherwise
Leiserson
characterization
Discussion
community
Comparing
Pereira-Leal
considering
methodological improvement
functional annotation
efficient algorithm
Predicting
detecting signaling
extraction
functional-linkage
breadth-first-search
compre10 Molecular
Ontology
Properties
transcriptional regulatory
graphical
large-scale interaction
diversity
Schwikowski
Functional classification
precision
traversal
PereiraLeal
Hopfield
Richardson
assigning
microarray technology
empirical
optimization algorithms
Coexpression analysis
investigating
potential bicluster
procedure
molecular pathways
Assessing
fÀHðxÞg
prevalence
protein­protein interaction
Yannakakis
statistical analysis
network-based functional
Symposium
Assessment
regression
protein-interaction networks
Confirmation
propagation
Letovsky
ActiveModules algorithm
genome-wide experiments
hierarchical clustering
Functional topology
molecular complexes
development
independent
Lichtenberg
percolation
assignment
Assessing computational
Revealing modularity
compendium
Inference
database
different distances
module-assisted clustering
organization
Strogatz
well-studied
filamentation
Community structure
kernel-based
Guldener
proximity
identical functions
Topological
Molecular
Morgenstern
alignment
visualization
`community structures
Nagaraju
repression repression
candidate
Jaakkola
analysis alongside
Greenbaum
combining detection
candidate subnetwork
Although
extensive
Acknowledgements
hybridization
identical
Kryshtafovych
Systematic interpretation
AjVjÂjVj
Ignatchenko
post-genomic
unification
sequencing
prevalent instrument
`community
simplistic comparison
genome-wide prediction
systematic comparison
accessible
metabolic
neighborhood-counting
shortcoming
module-assisted approach
Performance comparison
transcriptome
graph-theoretic
Troyanskaya
induction induction
specific biological
integration
Integrating phenotypic
landscape
interactions Phenotypic
Interactome-transcriptome analysis
measuring
repository
processing
Breitkreutz
Proceedings
ontology
properties
genome-scale functional
Plasmodium
Friedlander
Additional large-scale
Adamcsek
Co-clustering
Gramolini
quasi-likelihood
simulation
organelle
Rahnenfuhrer
Efficient algorithms
Precisely
statistical framework
Sahasrabudhe
different pathways
computational
Functional annotation
Integrated analysis
obtaining
one-fourth
Identification
Discovering regulatory
proportional
Tanigami
additional
subcellular
large-scale detection
intrinsic
Complexpander
Luscombe
Pavlidis
Greenblatt
Dudbridge
Batzoglou
Frishman
subgraph
protein­protein interactions
Interestingly
differences
Lanckriet
overlapping
comprehensive comparison
automated
Following
Quantitative
biochemical purification
hypergeometric enrichment
partitioning
Dolinski
applying
Alexandrov
characteristic
McGraw-Hill
heterogeneous
distribution
Publishing
computing
Introduction
combining
influence
generating
dissemination
reliability
associating
module-assisted integration
formulation
statistical significance
Kurokawa
physical
functions
assessing
coexpression
Diffusion kernel-based
biclustering
edge-betweenness clustering
structure analysis
sophisticated probabilistic
high-throughput
two-step approach
Pellegrini
interactome
Genome-scale
pathways
proteomic
Campillos
structure
independently
prevalent
prediction performance
cellular machinery
Cristianini
Prediction
Whole-genome annotation
Artificial Intelligence
sensitivity High-confidence
