significant difference
friendship
Liljeros
different communities
Similarly
timedependent
Research
stability
non-stationary
one-mode projection
Albert-Laszlo Barabasi2
disintegration
networks
Supplementary Information
society1­7
knowledge
interesting
vicinity
determine collaboration
Co-authorship
Although
Emergence
Acknowledgements
self-organization
zip-code
Evolution
insensitive
detectable
Ænrealæ/s
Analysis
Complexity
descending
consecutive
`fitness
difference
condition
prominent
evolution
collaboration/communication
coauthorship
decreasing
Hopcroft
specific
three-year
activity
standard deviation
Leydesdorff
phone-call
stationary
essential
additional information
homogeneous
financial
generation
`small-world
comparable
community evolution
Empirical analysis
intensity
individual
Handbook
community formation
life-time
neighbourhood
Connections
interesting observation
nodes/edges
subsequent
assistance
Bornholdt
reminiscent
available communities
identification
inter-community
selecting
evolving communities
Preferential attachment
Cambridge
Collective
evolving
scientific
Zip-code
Characteristic
University
k-clique
According
Departments
understanding
behaviour
phone-call communities
Wasserman
Detecting community
non-stationary community
likelihood
Radicchi
METHODS
auto-correlation
interaction
noticeable
inspection
dependence
Networks
connection
Analyzing
Ænrealæ/
Statistical
international collaboration
long-term collaboration
Dynamics
probability
communication
Dorogovtsev
timeindependent
commitment
cond-mat
appropriate
Vicsek1,3
impossible
extinction
LETTERS Received
community structure
clustering
publication
estimating
disintegrate
parallel
extraction
intermediate
dependent auto-correlation
time-evolution
Self-similar community
overlapping communities
Castellano
collaboration communities
corresponding
relationship
February
continuous
validity
co-authorship
`dynamic
Shiffrin
McDonnell Foundation
communities correspond
information available
two-week-long
Supplementary
autocorrelation
situation
Diaz-Guilera
Publishing
Barabasi
Carrington
Furthermore
contribute
Heidelberg
Granovetter
information
different
stationarity
stationary community
studying
life-span
Possible
Identifying evolving
criterion
schematic
LETTERS Quantifying
3Department
composition
Structure
Contraction
development
Correspondence
Budapest
extended
collaborative
percolation
Uncovering
collaboration
overlapping community
different stability
collection
self-optimization
membership
important
significant
professional
Biological
adjacency
aggregated
full-text
algorithm
correspond
analysis
institutions
snap-shot
principle
fundamental
correlation
homogeneity
representation
Strogatz
bipartite
turnover
