Nakagawa
Wellcome
Measurements
accession
valuable
Research
Srinivasan
Phillips
Department
Tominaga
substantial evidence
neuron_s sensitivity
subtracting
animal_s perspective
Philippe
difference
probability
MannWhitney
proportion
universal
Standard
Montague
Christopher
electrophysiological
Although
correspondence
Analogous normalization
combination
permission
Discarding
activation
otherwise identical
possible
fundamental difficulty
Behavioral
Steinbrecht
pseudorandom
Experimental
Takabayashi
PROBRAIN
necessary
explicit predictions
stimulus
Washington
specific
Anticipatory
magnitude
representational capacity
Vosshall
Innovative
standard deviation
intermediate reference
Population
Macmillan
Pavlovian procedure
predictive
Laughlin
sensitivity
Dickinson
prediction
individual
Handbook
reinforcement
Expected
invariant
normalizing
Appleton-Century-Crofts
Thorndike
neuron_s discriminative
Librairie philosophique
Hikosaka
Institute
experiment
SCIENCE
contextual information
Foundation
spikes/s
discriminative capacity
predicted
available
supporting
absolute difference
Supporting
respectively
University
processing
standard
efficiency
Published
Fribourg
Promotion
Communication
predicted magnitude
Intelligence
neuron_s activity
definition
Cambridge
exemplified
Nakahara
Kitamura
determining
Supported
uncertainty
sensitive
important
discrimination
reward-predicting
high-resolution
Lofstedt
probable
regardless
Watanabe
Copyright
Stanford University
Advancement
outcomes
improbable
appropriate
Fairhall
adaptation
consideration
pseudorandom alternation
horizontal
confidence
AB186505
AB186507
AB186506
AB186508
Glimcher
technical assistance
trademark
Downloaded
intermediate
Baltimore
Poisson-like distribution
alternative analysis
summarized
Physiology
Association
insensitivity
suppress
sufficient
Classical Conditioning
significant
neuron_s
representing
percentage
population
measuring
Rosenblith
straight
Research Foundation
stimulus predicted
Conditioned
September
Fiorillo
Adaptation
behavior
December
following
additional experiment
Mann-Whitney
Information
normalization processes
Janggen-Poehn Foundation
Steveninck
spikes/s/ml
discrepancy
evidence
Confirming
Williams
absolute
information
different
Conditional Reflexes
Takikawa
Uncertainty
Smirnakis
potential
Hallberg
Bidirectional
Single-neuron
accuracy
independent
February
modulation
Ziegelberger
long-lasting
HighWire
prestimulus
suppression
Activity
midbrain
explicit predictive
Wilcoxon
normalization
Responses
intertrial
Gallistel
efficient representation
observation
database
representing probable
Decisions
Consistent
neurons_
Rescorla
Ljungberg
transient
correlation
representation
Robinson
explicit reward-predicting
