Schmidler
msb4100020
Expression Microarray
supplement
probabilistic statistical
computation
Integrated
Metropolis
`black-box
technique
convenient inclusion
dimension algorithms
stochastic
Assigning
Biocomputing
High-throughput fluorescence
Informative
Decomposable graphical
Golightly
Sensitivity
ðÞpðyjÞ
biological
protein­protein
revolution
consistent
prediction
structure prediction
whole-genome annotation
Stochastic
parsimony
advantageous
Bumgarner
sequential
Model-based clustering
segmentation
non-linear
bifurcation
component
Graphical
understanding
efficient non-sequential
refinement
secondary statistical
Published
Computational
Markovian
Comparative evaluation
experience
simultaneous
-infected Escherichia
simultaneous estimation
DISCUSSION
deterministic
inference
classification
problematic
stochastic computation
stochasticity
inferring large-scale
Explaining
Corresponding
Mitchison
`posterior
Kalbfleisch
Hall/CRC
equilibrium distribution
inferential
widespread availability
Liebermeister
reversible
particular
SYSTEMS BIOLOGY
marginalisation
Expression
emphasising
integrating
Improvements
strategies
challenging
Stochastic relaxation
experimental technology
information
discussion
Ginsburg
Goldstein
methodology
parameter
Single-cell
peptide/protein composition
commodity computing
Iterative
collection
applications
inferential algorithm
Traditional statistical
synchrony
Churchill
effective
Inferring quantitative
complexity
intrinsic stochasticity
parameter estimation
Modelling within-motif
Pritchard
experiments
observational
interesting
highdimensional
Probabilistic segmentation
non-statistical
chromatography
multiparameter single-cell
framework
quantitative information
association
Inferring
intensity estimation
realistic
Blanchette
computational algorithm
Statistics
Anopheles
measurement
Biochemical
DarrenWilkinson
hybridisation
expensive experimental
fundamental distinction
Pepperkok
stochastic biochemical
regulatory
likelihood
inevitable
autoregressive
Rosenberg
bottom-up mechanistic
probability
variables
bioinformatics
protein-signaling
Microarray
identifying gene­gene
specificity
impossible
publication
introduction
sequential inference
regulation
Automated
inconvenient
non-parametric
Cambridge University
relationship
Dangerous
continuous
population
spectrometry clustering
microarray experiments
References
fluorescence microscopy
Logvinenko
biochemical
inferring
nanomolecular
coestimation
Ellenberg
statistical methodology
efficient
transcription
probabilistic conditional
significant
Embracing
Biological
AdvancedTheory
intrinsic
Nakicenovic
pre-calculated
Nonparametric
traditional
probabilistic graphical
high-throughput
principle
Quantitative
Wilkinson
Henderson
Multivariate
parameters
image-analysis
Statistician
experiment
likelihood alignment
intractable
Challenor
statistical bioinformatics
Wakefield
HMM-based
COMPUTATIONAL SYSTEMS
conjunction
processes
within-motif dependence
Synchrony
differential
process-based
non-Bayesian
statistical perspective
predictive
Hartemink
biological processes
probabilistic information
independence structure
individual
Handbook
coclustering
underlying conditional
Opgen-Rhein
`corrected
identification
confusion
Informative structure
geometric
Equations
discovery
posterior distributions
Genome-wide estimation
Obviously
nonlinear multivariate
influential
so-called full-conditional
uncertainty
propagation
Statistical
non-trivial
expression
experimental
Lucarelli
applicability
sequences
normalisation
Predicting
Modelling
extraction
Permissions
protein-protein
graphical
top-down
two-channel microarray
modelling
intermediary variables
Richardson
single-cell
retrotransposition
uncertain
biopolymer
empirical
optimization
irrespective
Biometrics
procedure
unsatisfactory
Furthermore
Metropolis­Hastings
`chemical
Symposium
spectrometric
different
challenging inferential
cytometry
Statistical mechanical
microarray
drawback
quantitative modelling
Bioformatics
difficult
development
literature
transcript concentrations
comprehensive
numerical
Newcastle University
Publications
normalization
Inference
secondary structure
Experiments
quantitative
intracellular processes
efficient computational
wavelet-based functional
combinatorial summation
p-dimensional
Sequential
Reconstruction
alignment
Greenbaum
Kirkwood
Detecting homogeneous
Although
relevance
Schellnhuber
structural
ORMATICS
diffusion approximation
background
conventional statistical
necessary
Computing
Microarrays
probabilistic functional
informative
Grzegorczyk
high-resolution single-cell
arbitrary
statistical inference
mathematical
satisfactory
Time-course expression
multivariate diffusion
developmental
phenomenal
regression modelling
Stochastic Modelling
Reversible
Interface
INTRODUCTION Bioinformatics
processing
Proceedings
informatics
Typically
Characterizing
comparison
Biostatistics
dependence
simulation
practical
important
nonBayesian
Gillespie
computational
Knowledge
manipulation experiments
functional
appropriate
parameter uncertainty
proportional
clustering
Nutrition
probabilistic
approximate
translate
`Bayesian-inspired
Affymetrix
phylogeny estimation
sophisticated
posterior
hierarchical
attainable
considerable
normalising
Parameter estimation
Proteomics
high-dimensional integration
Biometrika
heterogeneous
spectrometry
Bhattacharjee
quantitative high-resolution
Dekker/CRC
generating
engineering
Lauritzen
formulation
Mathematics
distributions
high-dimensional graphical
calibration
application
interested
Improving
conditional independence
Practical
restoration
proteomic
Rosenbluth
intensive algorithms
algorithm
resolution
