represent
pulse-like
common-ancestor
activated
Yeger-Lotem
circuitry
computation
Department
theoretically24
cerevisiae interaction
reasoning
synthetic
Foundation
galactose utilization
similarity
Transcription regulation
composite negative-feedback
Assigning
downstream
pulse-generating
double-negative
Multi-output
nonautogenous
Experimental
discovered
incoherent
transduce
phosphorylation
Superfamilies
stereotypical
Canalization
half-life
nonrandom
Currently
Burlington
High-resolution fluorescence
bacterial
Incoherent
bacterial cell-cycle
Fussenegger
organisms
Transcriptional regulation
Initially
autogenous
-repressor
Eichenberger
information-processing
Arabinose
Garcia-Ojalvo
Escherichia
conformation
separation
sign-sensitive
Dictyostelium
different activation
FURTHER INFORMATION
Regulated
complicated
repressor
Autogenous
c-Myc-regulated microRNAs
synthetic mammalian
transcription processes
Transcriptional regulatory
Comprehensive identification
therefore
Bioinformatics
Birkhauser
theoretical
composite
`sign-sensitive
Identifying regulatory
reversible
feed-forward
schematic cell­cell
selective advantage
particular
network-motif evolution
multi-output
oscillator
mammalian
protein­interaction
bistability
Collado-Vides
arabinoseutilization
Frontiers
positive-feedback
prokaryotic transcriptional
stress-response
information
monitoring
incoherent feed-forward
elaborate functions
arrangement
feed-forward-loop
double-negative-feedback
activator
modulation
corresponding simple-regulation
Interlinked
connectivity
feeforward
cis-regulatory
Feedforward
structural simplicity
evolutionary
interpretation
hierarchy
deactivated
irreversible decisions
activating
Foglierini
interests statement
interesting
estimating
production
inducible
Coarse-graining
overshoot
Evolution
Open-source
production decreases
Stochasticity
Csikasz-Nagy
well-characterized bacterial
Single-input
accumulate
structural
activation threshold
computational functions
hierarchical structure
instability
Rappaport
fliLMNOPQR
financial
independent
generation
autoregulation
Blazquez
laboratory
conservative evolution
post-aggregation
Caenorhabditis elegans95
Shen-Orr
Institute
Construction
induction
integrated
expression programme
interactions
protein­protein interactions
homologous
biological
hysteresis
galactose
Rosenberg
cycle-regulated
embryonic
Computation
three-wave
high-resolution
Just-in-time transcription
Developmental transcription
gene17­19
wild-type
mathematical modelling
stimulation
Itzkovitz
Aggregation
Hysteresis
excitable
Environmental
Regulatory
available75
molecular
differentiation-like partitioning
multi-layered perceptrons89,96
Chklovskii
environmental
Rosenfeld
colliculus
multi-gene
regulator
regulatory interactions
biochemical
gate-array
generalization
concentration
Development
bacterium
transcription
responsible
Caulobacter crecentus49
performance
persistence
steady-state
significant
quantitative
Biological
inhibitory
O'Donnell
signal-transduction
galE-mut
protein-interaction
Levchenko
principle
two-neuron
double-positivefeedback
additional computational
post-transcriptional interactions
REVIEWS
`galE-mut
Dublanche
network-motif behaviour
`rediscovered
MicroRNAs
arginine-biosynthesis
Convergent evolution
topological
doublepositive
threefold
biogenesis
galactose-utilization
dependent
different organisms
double-positive
degradation
Mammalian
Pomerening
differentiating
evolution
sporulation
essential behaviour
Computational representation
fluorescent-reporter
architecture
single-input
microRNAs
Etchberger
miRNAs62
DNA-repair
reference
deactivation
allolactose
individual
transcription interaction
Caenorhabditis
multi-input
Optimality
geometric
conditions
available
comparable
transcriptional regulation
Thieffry
quantitative blueprint
Westerhoff
eukaryotic
hypothesis
programming hematopoietic
opposition
Teichmann
understanding
protein­protein interaction
Subgraphs
propagation
connection
Laboratory
expression
experimental
well-studied
cell-cycle
timescale
response-time
Speed-up
left/right asymmetric
steadystate expression
inactivate
synthetic three-repressor
repression threshold
positive-feedback loop83­86
Predicting
Efficient
developmental transcription
different transcription
protein-production
Comparison
transcription-regulation
sufficient
multi-layer perceptron
Longabaugh
IB­NF-B signaling
interlocking
Composite negative-feedback
self-dissimilarity
appearance
Jayaprakash
cell­cell
biosynthesis pathways47
Furthermore
UniProtKB
Multi-layer
Michalodimitrakis
bacterial regulators
microarray
Importantly
phenotype
modification
development
acceleration
investigated
promoters
comprehensive
signalling processes
combinatorial transcription
Intriguingly
regulating
organization
interlocked
cell-fate
Hornstein
generegulation
Topological
differentiation
simple-regulation
Molecular
feedforward
superficial
Spatiotemporal
DATABASES
cerevisiae
fluorescent transcriptional
Evolutionary
Circadian
Sudarsanam
dynamical behaviour
repressed
starvation
mathematical
classical
metabolic
accelerate
oscillations
evolutionary timescales56,69,70
developmental
Bioessays
speed-up
`galE-WT
Perez-Rueda
Feldblyum
equivalent
agreement
cell-generation
Engineering stability
properties
comparison
synthetic transcriptional
GENETICS
Pulse-like
Hooshangi
simulation
Oscillations
Positive-feedback
functional
appropriate
elementary
stochastic environment
additional interactions
positive-feedback-based
Baltimore
convergent network-motif
steady-state concentration
overlapping
cell-cycle regulatory
Southgate
degradable regulators
growthfactor stimulation
high-quality
transcriptional interaction
cell­cell distribution
ancestral
p53­Mdm2
distribution
transcriptional
Publishing
transcriptional regulatory
Introduction
persistent
Production
anaerobic
functions
inactivation
regulatory circuitry
electrical
Structure
Ultrasensitivity
immediate shut-off
Signal-transduction
precision
important
arabinose
structure
dynamical functions
algorithm
synthetic oscillatory
Principles
signalling
resolution
