transcriptome
transport adenosine
Biochemistry
Wilcoxon nonparametric
accuracy comparable
antisense
accession
ATPase-regulatory
adenosine triphosphatase
statistical
Department
promoter-associated
Molecular
Hobbs,2,9
retention
Nussbacher
Supporting
termini-associated
Velculescu
Martianov
Gingeras1* Significant
proportion
exclusively
Bienengraeber
production
publication
transfrags overlapping
imbalance
periostin
Protocols
revascularization
correspondence
chromatin
frequency distribution
permission
important biological
activation
confounding
whole-cell
functional
Roberts,1
large-scale transcript
Relations
cellular
hs_whole_genome
2University
heritable
Minnesota
prominent
Drenkow,1
biological relevance
Immunology
Tybjaerg-Hansen,6
Washington
Minneapolis
genome-wide association
Willingham
genomewide association
magnitude
nonrandom association
nonrepeat
characteristic
potential processing
unannotated transcripts
Ramadass
therapeutic
Conservatively
Hofacker,4
protein-coding
Georgakopoulos
supporting
Biotechnology Information
Sementchenko,1
sensitivity
sequences
Biological relevance
product-precursor
Akoulitchev
trans-regulatory potential
significant concordance
Affymetrix Laboratory
hybridization analysis
transfrag
biological significance
Kavaslar,1 Alexandre
subcellular compartmentalization
interleaved organization
myocardial
Szallasi
Development
single-nucleotide
potential biological
assistance
associate
Radharani Duttagupta,1
connective
ENCODE-Project-Consortium
reminiscent
Copenhagen University
Conversely
G-C-matched
reproducible
illustrate
overlapping transfrags
orchestrate
available
physiologic abnormality
Srivastava
profiling
Abcc9-null
conservation analysis
localization
eukaryotic
SCIENCE
University
cholesterol
Unannotated
possibility
REPORTS References
following
deposition
amplification
58-kilobase
relaxation
regulatory
cardiomyopathy
Distribution
remainder
PhastCons
available transcription
contraction
interleaved transcription
transcription polymerase
technical
unannotated
comprehensive assessment
Pennacchio,4,5
transcripts overlapping
Cheung,1
Genealogy
proteincoding
Tammana,1
high-resolution
Published
SCIENCE Downloaded
phospholamban
Nutrition
Associated
Copyright
Subcellular
unannotated transcription
boundaries
significance threshold
Advancement
REPORTS
sarcomere
involvement
4Institute
contributor
Piccolboni,1
Downregulation
Cohen2,10
Pervasive Transcription
occurrence
one-fifth
transfrags
Myocardial
Epidemiology
permutation
important
Alexandre Stewart,1
Teekakirikul
trademark
Ponjavic
Quantile-quantile
Downloaded
regulation
conservation
Blackshaw
consistent
cardiovascular
Wiley-Interscience
percentage
molecular
Vogelstein
annotations
Association
Alexander
Circulation
populations
distribution
overlapping
adenosine triphosphate
sarcoplasmic reticulum
Abramow-Newerly
Caucasians
real-time
Madhavan Ganesh,1
array-detected transcription
Expression
pervasive transcription
correlate
genealogy
Characterization
Stadler,2
wildtype
intergenic
Rigshospitalet
premature
species-specific
McDermott
precursor
Conserved
References
verification
different technological
fundamental physiologic
In-depth characterization
transcripts
conserved functional
­binding
Information
Kapranov,1
transcriptional
Publishing
indicated
Caucasian
Furthermore
Reynolds Cardiovascular
One-third
quantification
conserved
hypertension
Fejes-Toth
Hackermüller,3
pathology
Expressway
conserved transfrags
interrogating
different subcellular
tom_gingeras
conserved sequences
information
nonrepetitive
procurement
sequential case-control
transcription
Southwestern
composing
rmcpherson
mechanism
Loscalzo
technical discussion
chromosome
established
genome-wide
prehypertrophic
impairment
composition
particular
worldwide
manuscript preparation
investigated
energetic
noncoding
transcription profiling
transforming
prehypertrophic aMHC403/+
collection
secondary phenomenon
steady-state
HighWire
biologic
appreciable
significant
Fraunhofer Institute
U01HG003147
Folsom,7
structure
Geisterfer-Lowrance
non­protein
transcript identification
Churchill
cytosolic
nevertheless
expression
Cardiology
Community
Theoretical Chemistry
complexity
Draghici
Examples
Dumais,1
correlation
independent
Boerwinkle,8
accessible
Willingham,1
resolution
enrichment
Chromosome
