particular
task-oriented
supplement
has-function
morphology
Corporation
technique
interaction relationships
Broadcast
fine-grained
stochastic
ontological
attribution
Biocomputing
discrepant
literature similarity
mis-annotated
biology-specific
is-caused-by
improving retrieval
challenge evaluations
biological
`Topoisomerase
occurrence
PIR-NREF
biological significance
EMPathIE extracted
LANGUAGE PROCESSING
processing approaches
specification
localization
`gold-standard
experiment
biological literature
coreference
relational
BIOLOGICAL PATHWAYS
Harabagiu
coefficient
understanding
causality
intrinsic evaluation
experience
Information retrieval
superfamily SF001321
800-document
adjustable
classification
rule-based
functional relationship
functional characterization
Therefore
Evaluation
confidence
abbreviations
different approaches
Bioinformatics
yardstick
theoretical
successful
benchmark
Challenging conventional
Westbrook
Expression
induction procedure
`camptothecin
mammalian
BIOMEDICAL
inhibitor
Illiopoulos
challenging
expanding
phosphorylate
important challenge
PSI-BLAST
significant challenge
Appl+P130kD
information
redundancy
syntactic
ORGANIZING
extracted relationships
PCM00039
description
Technical
literature reference
molecular interactions
improving
annotation
functional hierarchy
complexity
COLING-2000
acetylate
independent-of
Humphreys
computational
statistical
biomedical
Predicting
correspondence
transcribing
Challenge
superfamily
framework
provision
development techniques
structural
important information
Rindflesch
Identification
nucleotide-binding
classifier
challenge evaluation
biomedical literature
co-occurrence
information extraction
challenges
small-scale
Biobibliometrics
AUTOMATED DATABASE
Georgetown University
intuitive statistical
induction
integrated
DATABASE CURATION
dictionary
interactions
University
diagnostic
collection
subsequent classification
inhibit-transcription
co-referring
Researchers
definition
technical approaches
hand-annotated
benchmarking
Linguistics
biological importance
probability
mediated-by
interaction information
specificity
impossible
LocusLink
Interacting
annotated
extrinsic
biomolecular interaction
obtainable
assumption
statement
cost-effective
percentage
molecular
sensitivity
relationship
HALLENGE
underlying syntactic
translation
Baclawski
diagrammatic knowledge
PF00270
PF00271
biochemical
interact-with
providing
abstracts
Understanding Conferences
interactive
collecting
generality
ABSTRACT
beforehand
substantial
documents
transcription
responsible
extracted
recognizing
performance
Putejovsky
Evaluating
evaluator
`challenge evaluation
unavailable
successful challenge
user-centered
unreasonable
construction
dephosphorylate
databases
to-produce
rule-based classifier
dissociate
participate
profligate
Protein-protein
recognizing interactions
extracting interactions
EXTRACTION
molecules
long-standing
subcellular localization
Constructing biological
interoperability
human-readable annotation
processes
ACCOMPLISHMENTS
discovery
automatic
reference
peripheral
REtrieval Conferences
individual
usefulness
Performance
Swiss-Prot
traditional evaluation
INTRODUCTION
Tissue/Position
bidirectional incremental
identification
ubiquinate
reproducible
`translation initiation
iProClass
available
comparable
infrastructure
visualization
importance
Symposiums
interchangeable
Retrieval
corpus-based
Extracting
linguistic structures
is-independent-of
nomenclature
expression
experimental
benchmark databases
Consortium
handcrafted rule-based
conference
Literature
functional annotation
acceptance
extraction
Yakushiji
well-characterized
linguistic
prototype
Automatic extraction
protein-protein
diversity
systematic
Highlight
Embryonic
BIND­the biomolecular
evaluating
interaction extraction
relationships retrievable
is-inhibited-by
Symposium
technology
different
information extractor
MEDSYNDIKATE
Eisenhaber
knowledge acquisition
PROCESSING PERSPECTIVE
acquiring knowledge
composition
development
literature
comprehensive
monotonic
extraction techniques
Peripheral
Information Processing
biological information
consistency
organization
researchers
CONCLUSION
Bidirectional incremental
homologous-to
underlying
alternative
`ATP-dependent
bibliography
dissociation
candidate
grammatical
Knowledge Discovery
association
VALUATION
Annotation
government
`eukaryotic translation
emergence
Intelligent
identifying
technical component-level
multiplicative
different prediction
terminology
biological knowledge
domain-independent
metabolic
uppercase
information retrieval
Application
transport
controlled vocabulary
activate-transcription
Singapore
Including biological
participation
domain-specific knowledge
scientific
repository
Automated extraction
processing
Proceedings
substitution
cancer-related
Molecular interaction
large-scale general-purpose
comparison
underlying literature
protein-name
extracted information
communication
processing techniques
obtaining
Management
REFERENCES
Hirschman
combinatory categorial
CHALLENGE EVALUATION
clustering
pharmaceutical
Automatically
different granularity
TEXTQUEST
knowledge representation
Neuroscience
linguistic techniques
extensive validation
Extraction
retrieval community
characteristic
Information extraction
exploration
assessing
ONTOLOGY DEVELOPMENT
Description
Molecular Connections
application
supplementing
Knowledge representation
functionality
recognition
translational modification
comprehensive understanding
extracting information
structure
translation initiation
Relationship
algorithm
Drosophila
FBpp0002057
scientific literature
biotechnology
resolution
