phenomenon
Vielle-Calzada
responsible
non-parental alleles/total
Transcriptional silencing
Similarly
amplifying
manipulation
Indeterminate
primitive
stability
Grossniklaus
viability
posttranscriptional
Chase-away
Department
behavioural
alternative
mating-type
Supplementary Information
Girardinichthys multiradiatus
incomplete penetrance
responsiveness
Involvement
Weisinger
interests statement
ASYMMETRIC LEAVES1
Krolikowski
`revertant
Mechanisms
vasculature
Molecular phylogeny
antagonistic coevolution
experiment
determinate
template-directed
Although
Kovalchuk
genotyping
Graft-induced
Acknowledgements
Jayasooriya
Institution
nucleotide substitution
phenotype
high-frequency modification
Evolution
appropriate nucleotide
homozygous
KNOX-off
exceptional
self-fertilization
morphological
HTH/HTH
sporangia
functional
Middlesex
transposons3
Cordoba-Aguilar
preference
background
exceptional inheritance
transgene
appropriate wild-type
difference
Spontaneous
vegetative
Experimental
evolution
Evolutionary
cytoplasmic
tobacco18
Washington
alteration
genotypes
Recruitment
RNAdependent
extra-genomic information
instability
Pathology
explanations
embryonic
generations
Leaf-like
microphyll
requirement
Nonlinear
financial
molecular mechanism
classical
generation
allele-specific polymerase
consistent
double-stranded
KNOX­ARP
Arabidopsis
frequency
Transgene silencing
existence
chromosomes
postulated genome-wide
polymorphic restriction
pink-eyed
correlational
Kodric-Brown
Lunaticos
Wassilewskija
describing
Elizabeth
advantageous
repression
genotyped
interference
artificial
extra-genomic mechanism
Caenorhabditis elegans10
genitalic
complementation experiment
homogenate
consecutive
condition-dependent
McClintock
available
environmental stress25,26
homozygous propagation
adaptiveness
allele-specific
University
conventional explanations
phylogenetic
possibility
accession-specific
phenotypic revertants
extraordinary
sequence-specific modification
homologous
non-silenced
lower-case
heterospecific
mechanism dependent
incorporation
understanding
non-sexual
HTH/HTH background
recessive
comparison
Pathogen-induced
cross-species complementation
sequences4
HOTHEAD-LIKE
favourable
site-directed mutagenesis
Correction
Therefore
previously
Wassenegger
additional explanations
non-mendelian inheritance
logistical
euphyllophyte
allele-specific PCR-based
programme
expression
gene-specific
extragenomic inheritance
post-transcriptional
adjustable
developmental mechanism
microorganisms22­24
probability
Directional
discontinuous
chromosomal
lossof-function
regeneration
modifying
contamination
DNA-DNA
RNA-DNA
ancestral RNA-sequence
calopterygidae
epigenetic
specificity
attack27
benzocaine
extra-genomic transmission
FIDDLEHEAD
Lindquist
considering
selffertilization
constructive discussion
Independent recruitment
Tris-HCl
wild-type nucleotide
introduction
nucleotide
predictable segregation
technical assistance
indeterminate
Selaginella kraussiana
Replication
circumstances
California
coloration
Landsberg
Partridge
postulate
compartment
Alexander
meristem-to-leaf transition
modification
controlled
Rutherford
dissecting individual
Andersson
differences
RNA/DNA oligonucleotides
gain-of-function
megaphyll
Yagishita
self-pollination
hybridization intensity
particular
elimination
Microfuge
Cyprinodontiformes
percentage
population
epidermal
Heritable
photoreceptor
reproductive
destabilization
presentation
methylation
characterization
megaphyllous
Frequency
exclusive
Cole-Strauss
Neurospora
Cleveland
polymorphisms
non-genomic
synthetic polyploid
procedure
intersexual antagonistic
identical
Stress-induced mutagenesis
self-fertilize
HOTHEAD5
Publishing
corrective
capacitor
self-fertilizing
molecular
correction
alongside
microRNA
Attraction
independent recruitment
phenotypically wild-type
High-frequency
RNA­DNA oligonucleotides
post-transcriptional silencing
corresponding
Baulcombe
`adaptive
Biological Diversity
outcrossing
Correspondence
developmental transition
different
Sequencing
Jorgensen
RNA-dependent
chimaeric RNA­DNA
microphyllous lycophyte
Genotypic
discussion
transgenespecific post-transcriptional
function28,29
mechanism
Microphylls
methylation16­18
Vaucheret
Nussbaum
chromosome
microphyllous
heterozygous
Antirrhinum
RNA-directed
husbandry
explanation
revertants
development
independent
extraction
live-bearing Goodeidae
Saccharomyces
structure
genotypic
genespecific
conversion
collection
sub-terminal
restoration
Lafayette
Publications
involvement
Genome-wide non-mendelian
postulated ancestral
Phenotypic
biosynthetic
opportunity
conspicuous
polymorphism
individual
observation
MicroRNA
PHANTASTICA
Conversely
Congruence
non-selected
SHEATH2
McNamara
CONACyT
principle
fundamental
Sundaresan
Keddy-Hector
duplication
`replicating
silencing
environmental component
cross-pollination
