Phillippe Couttet12
Catalunya
Pedersen26
similarity
Wheeler63
nucleolar
polycomb-mediated transcriptional
Transcriptional
35Laboratory
Mattick44
Polycomb-group
Schwaiger
Analogous
consensus sequences
Genome-analysis techniques
Pawandeep
Engineering Department
Foundation
amplification
Manzano22
Expression
technique
non-synonymous substitution
following retinoic-acid
investigator developed
Nefedov67
SE-75185
Frequently
analogous
heterogeneity
Massachusetts
Baertsch25,26
BinCons86
downstream
orthogonal
structures78
Hubbard12
determining constraint
Trumbower26
replication
Mullikin7
well-known discrepancy
transcripts identified
Stadler24,30,45
difference
Enrichment
Experimental
partitions
Annotation Assessment
Molecular Biophysics
trans-splicing
impressive
Stranger12
TSSproximal
E2F1-binding
Wadelius74
Bouffard7,48
evolutionarily constrained
Remarkably
d'Investigacio Medica/Universitat
sequences identified
Hinrichs26
unexpected
Batzoglou
Transcriptional Regulatory
Biotechnology Information
Sequence-specific
consistent
repetitive
Fiegler12
prediction
Exploration
RFBRs-SeqSp
perspective
Experimental techniques
Dickson33
attributable
ARTICLES constrained
Maskeri48
inter-factor
artificial chromosome
non-redundant
cross-hybridization
Pseudogene
mutational
54Department
incompatible
Abbreviation Description
Restricting
protein-coding transcripts
everdeclining
experiment
Matthews12
Weinstock
Hofacker24
TFIIB/GTF2B
Moqtaderi27
supporting
segmentation
assessing functional
respectively
Intergenic
Unannotated
Biomolecular Engineering
understanding
behaviour
identifying pseudogenes
Armengol76
Willingham
Distribution
distal-element-associated transcription
Assessing
Commonwealth
Whole-genome
technical
Clawson26
`dictionary
Surprisingly
non-genic sequences
Sequencespecific transcription
structural non-coding
anti-correlated
throughput
constitutive
suggestion
Sodergren63
symmetrical
Technology
Project103
repressor
patterns79
transcript-survey
classification
proportion
two-state
Trinklein33
¥msdottir79
identified functional
Wahringerstraﬂe
Flamm24,30
`warehouse
Tyler-Freer
Experimental annotation
Transcriptional regulatory
conventional
Chemistry
Pediatrics
Evolutionary information
revelation
2Department
Rosenzweig13
Validation
Evolutionary constraint
Langford12
functional constraint
Tom_Gingeras
annotations
experimental annotation
user-friendly
Experimental technique
Educacion
Extramural
individual cis-acting
chimpanzee
Blakesley
Cambridge
Encyclopedia
Processed
particular
Stamatoyannopoulos
Integrated pseudogene
Ovcharenko
abundance
Seringhaus11
73University
human14,15
Biostatistics
integrating
Zhengdong
Christoph
widespread regulation
Different functional
Sunyaev14
mammalian
transcription specificity
24Institute
RACE-positive
Comparative
composition45
concordant results97
Weissman41
nucleosome occupancy
Rozowsky11
high-density
interallelic
22Department
Wisconsin-Madison
Weirauch25
sequence-specific protein-binding
Correction statistic
Untranslated
TBP-associated
Integration
41Department
processed transcripts
cell-cycle transcription
coincident
cis-acting regulatory
indifferent
substantial intragenic
Genome-wide
Pennsylvania
information
high-confidence
predictors
Andolfatto
Chip-chip experiments
RACE/tiling-array
solidifying
non-GENCODE-based regulatory
methodology
chimaeric-gene
Karolchik26
significance
Sequencing
TRANSFAC
genome-wide
Large-scale transcriptional
Squazzo70
Structural
transcriptional activity59≠66
description
collection
Green7,48
connectivity
59Department
conservative correction
cis-regulatory
Epigenetic deregulation
RFBR-SeqSp
Sequenced
pseudogene annotation
whole-genome vertebrate
Churchill
Nagalakshmi10
effective
Dorschner
stratified random-sampling
correspond
`activating
complexity
sequence-specific transcription
Collins52 Multi-species
correlation
36Department
Performance assessment
base-pair
Wallerman74
evolutionary
fundamental difficulty
significant clustering
Biochemistry
developed
amplifying
Weinstock63
establish redundancy
RACE-detected
experiments
statistical
Swarbreck12
Snyder10,11
replicating
activating
promoter-proximal regulatory
consistent comparison
Oberley73
complicate
non-polymorphic
microarray
molecular mechanisms
intervening proteincoding
61Department
non-protein-coding transcripts
non-coding functional
Newburger42
categories
insulator
Integrative
56Department
transition52
non-random
nonorthologous
surprising considering
GENCODE-defined transcripts
Evolutionarily
combination
SequenceTiling
predicting algorithm
H3K27me3
exon-containing
comparison framework
asymmetrical
`repressed
transparent
association
structural
38Department
euchromatic
20Institute
MacAlpine
`functional
identified
Emanuelsson
17Department
SuperComputing
Immunologie
71Institute
comparative sequencing
Blanchette
classifier
Stamatoyannopoulos2
breakdown
Higher-order functional
correction procedure
Generalitat
generation
Transcription
inter-relationship
co-occurrence
processed pseudogenes
non-processed
frequency
interplay
karyotype
DNase-chip
Discovery
high-enrichment
Heintzman68
Davydov53
Elizabeth
Johnson13
`non-CpG
McDonald≠Kreitman
Development
investigation
messenger
`constrained sequences
43Department
accessible
integrated
transcription-factor
foundation
transcript consistent
Manuscript Preparation
confidence
divergence
encode_chairs
possibility
duplications104
Verification
Correlation
intermediate
non-specific
likelihood
speculation
Euskirchen10
comprehensive characterization
definition
work14,15
Osoegawa67
methylation
determining
protein-coding sequences
high-throughput sequencing
even-skipped
tiling-array
promoter-distal
low-complexity
consequence
high-resolution
Supplement Information
Rozowsky
Frankish12
biological importance
processivity
manuscript
Washington University
Yoshinaga67
synonymous
unsupported
randomized
Statistics
McDowell48
Asterisks
methodological
Lopez-Bigas5
mammalian sequences
Theoretical
cycle-specified fluctuation
publication
Childcare Foundation
opportunity
anti-sense
occupancy
differential epigenetic
Different categories
conservation
58National
chromosomal architecture
Alexander
Forschungsgemeinschaft
relationship
tiling-array experiments
explanation
continuous
orthologous sequences
pseudogene transcription
Rosenbloom26
formaldehyde
chromosomes
McDaniell
population
congenital
Felsenfeld
Wetterstrand51
Greenbaum15
intergenic
Trade-offs
well-established
orthologous
high-scoring
Hawrylycz18
experimental approaches16
biochemical
Intramural Sequencing
Constrained
Brd-U-labelled
intercalate
acquisition
Massingham1
Tullius15
Zelltherapie
long-range
33Department
distal-DHS-associated
Vertebrate
10Department
PhastCons88
Regulation
Ultraconserved
Asimenos53
population variability
79Department
constrained
Non-constrained
Lander65,66
Lindblad-Toh
orthologous sequence-ready
trimethylation
transcription
understand transcriptional
Transcribed processed
generalized
experimental techniques
performance
Asthana14
evolutionary information
commonplace
DNA/protein
SwitchGear
sequence-specificity
GENCODE-annotated sequences
cumulative frequency
Stylianos
significant
organization
Wisconsin
Koriabine67
sophisticated
transcript
overestimation
Genome-scale profiling
Hackermuller32
evolutionarily
observation
surprising
appreciation
Vinsensius
Consistent
functional information
Pachter36
traditional
translocations114
high-throughput
Comprehensive
Barrera68
duplication
Chromosome
phenomenon
cross-validation
DNA≠protein
Ensembl-based
Quantitative
established proteincoding
aggressive
availability
Supplementary Information
transcription factor-binding
H19/IGF2
informationcontent
element-level
Blakesley7,48
Heintzman
distributed
considerable
Loytynoja1
BioSapiens
summarizing
molecules
Chikatoshi
RACE-array experiments
Transcript
genome1≠3
Emanuelsson11
Nevertheless
mammalian constraint4,86≠88
traditional protein-coding
28Department
expectation
Mammalian
High-throughput localization
heterozygosity
FDR-based
Repressed
late-replicating
genome-wide functional
secondary
Balakirev
pseudogenes
larger-scale
Manchester
differential
non-functional
Consensus annotation
interesting mechanistic
74Department
embryonic
predictive
requirement
Charlottesville
ArrayExpress
biological processes
sensitivity
Specifically
Valencia37
available complementary
genome-wide experimental
individual
promoterproximal
Correlating
polymorphic
Suehiro-cho
alternative transcripts
transcript identified
McAuliffe
distinctive
RT≠PCR-positive extensions
Unexplained constrained
Relationship
symmetric
catalogue
identification
considerable proportion
collective knowledge
Bioengineering
37Spanish
evergrowing
discovery
variability
Lefebvre12
transcriptional regulation
low-redundancy comparative
Batzoglou53
hypothesis
Malhotra3
genome-wide sequencing
systematic examination
Scientific
observable
Probability
Zhang43,56
positive-correlation
nomenclature
Unsupported
Statistical
Comparative Sequencing
expression
5-nucleotide
experimental
structure correction
Wallenberg Foundation
`biological
Multi-LAGAN
large-scale
nucleotide polymorphism
cataloguing
Sidow33,62 Transcriptional
packaging
retrosequence
Adzhubei14
IC-SNURF≠SNRPN transcript
62Department
Thurman2,13
systematic identification
Biological Chemistry
epigenetic modifications
interesting observation
Bioinformatics Institute
sequencing90 individual
considering
ENCODEdetected
Jacquelyn
Biological Statistics
functional annotation
insulator-associated
Predicting
vertebrate
Missal30,31
tri-methylation
Epidemiology
initiation
maintenance
Queensland
`regulatory
ENCODE-region sequences
Alexandre Reymond21,22
39Department
transcriptional regulatory
graphical
corresponding
more-conservative
ChIPchip
Gilbert12
replication-timing
Hardison50,59
repertoire
determination
representative
integrated annotation
Komorowski69
`biochemical
evolutionary conservation
Acknowledgements
clusters77
acetylation
corresponding biochemical
Richmond72
distribution comparable
identifiable
Dorschner2
Rada-Iglesias
cross-referencing
transcripts
Carninci40
purifying
mammalian CHIp-chip
biochemical processes
microarrays
Furthermore
sub-classified
informative representation
ChIP-chip-positive
organizational
Vishwanath
57Department
Mathematics
Unconstrained
53Department
technology
Farnham70
Correspondence
Jacqueline
sequencespecific
Hudson≠Kreitman≠Aguade
significant overrepresentation
lineagespecific functional
simultaneous
Importantly
significant overestimation
multisequence
modification
3Department
44Institute
composition
difficult
lineage-specific
independent
unexplained constrained
non-orthologous
Institute
GENCODE-annotated transcripts
42Department
Emmanouil
continuous-value
including information
noncoding sequences
Drosophila115,116
aggregate
machine-learning technique
constrained sequences
extensions identified
wavelet-smoothed
arbitrary threshold
concordance
Characterization
Rosenfeld75
Dermitzakis
commonplace assumption
nevertheless
Intriguingly
Euskirchen
Tiling-array
70Department
Experimentally identified
snoRNA-derived
consistency
quantitative
regulatory information
Kapranov6
isolating89
Abecasis78
reproducible transcripts
Similarly
higher-order functional
proximity
Srinivasan34
Crawford20
Abril5,28
ribosomal
Different transcription
smaller-scale
allele-frequency
Molecular
coordination
alignment
visualization
Montoya-Burgos55
non-exonic constrained
Municipal
Molecular Bioscience
largescale data-generation
Greenbaum
stringency
including non-protein-coding
55Department
Lindblad-Toh65
Christopher
CBSE/ITI
sequence-specific regulatory
modifications consistent
Hartelstraﬂe
Chimpanzee Sequencing
46Department
Woodroffe78
hybridization
Pseudogenes
corresponding sequences
Hartman10
hypersensitive
substantial biological
Antonarakis
Consortium
EMBL/GenBank
indicative
Transcripts
Regulatory sequences
wellunderstood
disadvantage
Resequencing
modifications
remarkable concordance
Hillman-Jackson26
pan-vertebrate
identifying
27Department
`community
consensus
repressive modification
indication
underestimation
repressed
Ministerio
regulatory sequences
RFBR-Seqsp Regulatory
biological knowledge
mathematical
protein-coding
Management
Sandelin23
cap-selected
Expressed
Functional
Conservation
ENCyclopedia
data-analysis
International
transcriptome
Connecticut
excellent opportunity
extinction
describing
cross-analysed
Singapore
Nikolaev22
Bioessays
box-binding
integration
Tsurumi-ku
Antonarakis22
Heterozygosity
Conversely
Deutscher
Conclusion
31Interdisciplinary
Pseudogene identified
Structure Correction
complement experimental
transcriptional landscape
equivalent
processing
identified non-coding
largerscale chromosomal
Plantation
15Department
Genome-scale
Huppert12
protein-coding transcript
Pathology
consensus pseudogene
laboratory-specific
Margulies7
incomplete understanding
Large-scale
ARTICLES Identification
non-experimentally
11Department
evolutionary constraint
extensions
FormaldehydeAssisted
Universitat
functional landscape
replacement
statistical framework
predictor
Gerstein11,46,47
Pronounced
computational
Developmental
Cumulative
functional
appropriate
transient-transfection
Yoshihide
Dermitzakis12
genome-wide comparison
Hybridization
clustering
1EMBL-European Bioinformatics
ChIP-PET
Henrichsen21
additional
Sandstrom2
non-coding sequences
metabolic
Replication
detectable
Massachusetts Institute
transcript-tiling
California
ChIP-chip
synthesis
transcriptome characterization
Structured
multi-sequence alignments86≠88
Affymetrix
Interestingly
non-transcribed
displacement
Aggregate normalized
mechanistic
construction
Andrews12
Foundations
Following
Biochemical
technologies
Munn72,74
ChIP-chip experiments
polyA-selected
illustrative
Cummington
Rodriguez
characteristic
Widespread occurrence
Drosophila
Thakkapallayil26
Jefferson
exploration
verification
PET/CAGE
significant under-representation
Kent25,26
polymorphisms
distribution
advantage
Coordination
Holroyd12
Publishing
Comparison
universal
phylogenetic
ARTICLES complexity
accessibility
Feingold51
immunoprecipitation
Narrowing
well-defined
Schubeler
59-end-capture technologies
Clelland12
Laboratory
chromosome
methyltransferase
Washietl24
hypo-phosphorylated carboxy-terminal
Intra-species
duplications
9Biomedical Engineering
Martin50,59
Drosophila melanogaster
Integrated annotation
Sekinger27
Siepel25,26
conclusion
sensitivity threshold
noncoding
developmental
Formaldehyde-assisted
Finishing
cross-integrating
experimental annotations
Non-protein-coding
Thomas25,26
Biomedical Informatics
re-sequenced
transcriptase polymerase
75University
structure
Signal/control
chromatinmodifying
Lindemeyer30
haplotype structure
disrupting higher-order
Computational Computational
Kuehn2,13
intentional
gene-rich
persistent
H3k27me3
TSS-distal
insulator mechanisms
TAFII250
understand
Molecular Pharmacology
validation
resolution
enrichment
CIBERESP
