co-transcribed
similarity
three-dimensional structure
Veterinary
different functional
Weissenbach
phenotype/
Kerlavage
Frameshifted
triploid
poliovirus
succinct definition
amplification
aminoacyl-sRNA
Structural variation
Stockholm University
irrelevant
insulator
Overlapping
Fleischmann
sequences determining
Additionally
identical transcripts
silencing autosomal
alternate definition
Dispersed regulation
advantage
activation
Listewnik
RNAcoding
replication
transcriptome
eukaryotic cell-free
trans-splicing
post-ENCODE
Strausber
applicable
International Fellowship
Brubaker
biological
GENCODE annotation
Griffith
Conventional
Nomenclature Organization
consistent
Wesselink
recruitment
perspective
insertion
bacterial
Giorgetti
refunction
Detection
Bruce,2,4
mutational
organisms
Paccanaro
hereditary
computational metaphor
Selective silencing
component transcripts
structure Epigenetic
Escherichia
McClintock
segmentation
explosion
Unannotated
understanding
Transposons
operating
inheritable
Published
placeholder
Tschermak
interpret
Computational
thymidine
Griffiths
identifiable
experience
products
Alternative
WormBook
Ainscough
understandFigure
higgledy-piggledy
highdensity
problematic
trans-spliced transcripts
different high-density
Haemophilus influenza
Assessing
analyzing
Therefore
forefront
Evaluation
Johannsen
Pseudo-messenger
conventional
Corresponding
Brimacombe
frameshift
annotated regulatory
textbook definition
Bioinformatics
mysterious
themselves
annotated transcripts
anagenomic sequences
transcribed reCriteria
Mechanism
Representation
pervasive transcription
diffusible substance
abundance
overlapping products
hereditary information
challenge
methylation
information processing
mammalian
large-scale computational
following
INK4a/ARF
microarray strategies
Villa-Komaroff
Integration
developmental-stage-independent
something
Lukasser
comtentative
transcribed non-proteincoding
information
present-day
structural variation
Pharmacology
inheritance
Whole-genome
discussion
experimental validation
products themselves
Blumenthal
Spilianakis
methodology
significance
genome-wide
Large-scale transcriptional
haplotype structure
functional products
segmenting
Pneumococcus
Cattolico
description
Virology
Albrecht
collection
Matsudaira
polymerase
membership
high-throughput experimental
organism-independent
demonstrating
summarize
chromatin immunoprecipitation
annotated alternative
Gesellschaft
gene-finding
long-range
recombination
explicit
Community
Gerstein,1,2,3,9
complexity
Untranslated sequences
particular cellular
correlation
pre-mRNA
evolutionary
interpretation
Annotated
antisense
chromatin accessibility
Gene-associated
experiments
statistical
existence
arrangement
compatible
Merregaert
Pseudogene transcription
small/medium proportion
Inherited information
fundamental definition
derivative
Although regulatory
suppressor
stability
chimerism
combination
Alternatively
antigenic variation
Deutsche
Mikkelsen
framework
milestone
Heterogeneous
Transcriptional
transparent
Stimulation
ever-expanding knowledge
gebeta-globin
Integrated pseudogene
hypothetical mechanism
nonvirulent Pneumococcus
establishing
Korbel,2,5
Emanuelsson
mitochondrial
difficult
full-text
Albertson
Developmental
cytogenetic
generation
postgenomic
LM07056
frequency
modification Pseudogenes
paralogous
inactivation
hairpin-shaped precursor
Haemophilus influenzae
Different statistical
Dermitzakis
etymology
messenger
practical importance
systematic definition
localization
University
Sometimes
divergence
According
possibility
standard
examining evolutionary
Doolittle
homologous
chromosomal
regulatory
overlapping functional
remainder
implication
definition
connectivity
protein-coding sequences
databanks
protein-centric
GLI-Kruppel-related
Statistical analysis
proteincoding
DNA-sequence
high-resolution
Rozowsky
Zhengdong
Newburger
Guhathakurta
revolution
enumerate
impossible
Hofacker
high-throughput experiment
annotated
Environmental
adenovirus
Downloaded
regulation
scription
statement
Regulatory
compromise
molecular
Producing
Alexander
summarization
Linguistic approaches
Prissette
pseudogene annotation
Snyder2,8
post-translational
completed
continuous
immediate
pseudogene transcription
experimenwith something
translation
Emanuelsson,6 Zhengdong
conceivable
2Molecular Biophysics
secondary structure
Mackworth
intergenic
normalizing
compensation
References
regulatory interactions
Swarbreck
biochemical
providing
3Computer
Organisms
unchanged
Vandenberghe
Regulation
pangenesis
Waterston
demonstration
Acknowledgments
Williams
Wahlestedt
Biological complexity
Künstliche Kreuzung
Lindblad-Toh
rearranged
Euskirchen
responsible
consortium
Alexandersson
transcribed pseudogenes
emphasis
transcribed
performance
canonical
intergenic transcription
noncoding intergenic
cytological
chromosomes
pseudogenization
medium-sized
callable
one-to-one correspondence
eukaryotes
Raeymakers
expressed pseudogenes
transcript
post-translational modification
evolutionarily
observation
surprising
well-curated GENCODE
neighboring
specific secondary
Different strategies
traditional
Takahara
Goldberg
principle
Sturtevant
duplication
selection
Wynshaw-Boris
phenomenon
disjonction
Consensus annotation
Chromatin structure
Transcribed pseudogenes
biological nomenclature
protein-coding transcripts
discovery complicated
homology
Nishimura
different biological
chromatin structure
three-segment
operational
GC-content
molecules
identification
comparative analysis
biological literature
Biochemical activity
viewpoint
statisFirst
Collapsing
Parasitic
pseudogenes Biochemical
degradation
recombining
altogether
subroutine
polymerase activity
analysis procedure
Balakirev
nonspecific activity
evolution
determining biological
Brookhaven Symposia
Unannotated transcription
parasitic
discontinuous structure
consisting
Transcription-mediated
potential alternate
Albanova University
Rheinberger
highthroughput experiments
generations
intervening
requirement
FitzHugh
Haussler
alternative transcription
transcripts themselves
bacteriophage
Pseudogenes Pseudogenes
Johnannsen
Alekseyev
Dobrovic
Guidelines
consecutive
boundary
available
importance
complement
eukaryotic
Projecting
Phenomena complicating
functional pseudogene
Constrained
transcripts structural
Iserentant
Problematic
subsequent sequencing
acknowledge
pre-ENCODE
Biochemistry Department
distinction
Conversely
homologue
rearrangements/structural
characterization
Bernfield
Consortium
community
intermediate products
sequences
Conclusion
problemselection
Fine-scale structural
Huttenhofer
high-throughput experiments
Predicting
vertebrate
comprehensive transcript
cross-over
Disjointed
MaxEntropy selection
high-density oligonucleotide
different transcription
Definition
pseudogene
Many-to-many relationship
extensive transcriptional
substance
determination
VP2-VP3
Consequently
5European Molecular
Prominent
exception
Piccolboni
originate
l'Académie
Supplementary
5-nucleotide
Kulbokas
situation
significant signature
Sweepstake
pneumococcal
provocative
transcriptional activity
prevalence
orthography
Furthermore
Abhandlungen
Evolution
discrepancy
Artificial transmutation
well-characterized protein-coding
Discontinuous transcription
Heidelberg
transcripOverall
different
overlapping transcript
microarray
phenotype
schematic
Verhandlungen
composition
annotated transcription
development
independent
proscientific
Institute
coevolution
8Molecular
Henikoff
appreciable
co-product
Laboratory
Dougherty
puzzling
polymorphism
Ontology Consortium
Sementchenko
expression
analysis
many-to-many
X-inactivation
landmark
organization
Contreras
contingent
alternative products
Leonardson
Roll-Hansen
Mendelian Inheritance
particular characteristic
alternative
classification
Biochimie
alternate
Connecticut
Although
transformation
sex-linked
increased
RNA-to-DNA
Montelione
Antonarakis
Transcriptional repression
Rozowsky,2
individual molecules
Cellular
sequencing
execution
Neurospora metabolism
Richmond
necessary
transcripts Post-transcriptional
schematized
/National
specific
definition impractical
three-dimensional chromatin
U01HG03156
rearrangement
-globin-related pseudogene
regulatory sequences
Non-coding
terminology
biological knowledge
protein-coding
alternative isoforms
classical
metabolic
Lindemeyer
Copy-number
additional regulatory
beta-globin
Phenotype
developmental
retrotransposition
describing
promoter-associated transcription
gene­pseudogene
erythroid-specific
contributing
ChIP­chip
genes/regulatory
scientific
experimental validafunctional
confidence
transcribed sequences
Chemistry
ChIP­chip experiments
complementation
comparison
Rosenbloom
retrogene
Large-scale
Abstract
practical
non-genic conservation
functional polypeptide
Nirenberg
chromosome structure
Approximately
Weissman,7
appropriate
Yanagisawa
Identification
pre-mRNAs
proportional
intermediate transcripts
betaglobin
Hirotsune
additional
Interchromosomal
Kirkness
nucleotide
Zipursky
transform
Luscombe
intention
Ponjavic
Eukaryotes
overlapping transcripts
pseudogene transcripts
Agarwala
synthesis
blueprint
considerably
Structured
Trans-splicing
expressed retrosequence
mechanistic
segregation
-undecanucleotide
enumerating
Nagalakshmi
reference annotation
mutational approaches
Phenomenon
Comparative
regulation Unannotated
Ouellette
Grienenberger
projecting
homotypic trans-splicing
Perspective
heterogeneous
distribution
Bekiranov
replicase
Introduction
Hackermüller
abstract
contribute
influence
meaningless
conserved
Functionality
large-scale variation
ribonucleoprotein
chromosome
physical
incorrect
Description
Noncoding
tentative
Post-translational
Erblichkeitslehre
occasional
application
Versuche
functionality
trans-spliced transcript
determining expression
analyzing ChIP­chip
Discovering transcription-factor
predominant
sequences idenncRNAs
Epigenetics
regulatory apparatus
noncoding
Dabbouseh
geneticist
important
Baltimore
genetical
enhancers
Tongprasit
heritability
delineation
Drosophila
ambiguous boundary
locatable
deoxyribonucleic
immunoglobulin
functional noncoding
validation
resolution
