cellular
producaTc
Michelini
Biochemistry
Concentration scription
fluctuations measurement
variability
computational
cooperative
Department
root-mean-square
Molecular
fluorescent repressor
networks
feedback
synthetic
Supporting
execution
difference
probability
aperiodic fluctuations
singlecell
technique
environment
production
developmental cell-fate
Although
expression fluctuations
Scholars
correspondence
division
downstream
permission
Nevertheless
possible
Analysis
functional
Regulator
replication
production Eaveraged
dashed/dotted
fundamental tradeoff
background
Concentrations
cellcycle
one-parameter
effective biochemical
fluorescence intensity
Savageau
substantial progress
necessary
exponential
Phillips
Intrinsic
Washington
extrinsic fluctuations
integrated
intervals
standard deviation
Bsymmetric
anhydrotetracycline
Networks
Machleder
effective single-cell
biochemical parameters
breakdown
rffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffi
compensated
oscillation
dimerization
tetracycline repressor
consistent
symmetric-branch
detection
individual
AddisonWesley
cycle­related
operation
Parameter
bacteriophage
stochastic variation
intrinsic fluctuations
unavoidable
cycle­dependent
repression
extrinsic component
experiment
hypothetical production
Davidson
effective cooperativity
consecutive
induction
Escherichia
available
supporting
comparable
SCIENCE
University
instantameasurement
identical
metabolic apparatus
understanding
autocorrelation
eukaryotic
normalizing production
individual division
biological
stochasticity
fluorescent
Ben-Haim
Shen-Orr
Ptet-cIYFP
logarithmic
Itzkovitz
Bl-cascade
building synthetic
daughter
difficulty
December
cellular responses
propagation
Individual
approach
lysogeny
Clifford
expression
extrinsic
repressor
melowitz
gene-specific
Copyright
Burroughs Wellcome
Extrinsic
sharpness
Advancement
REPORTS
aggregate
addressed
Therefore
determine
wild-type
nonfluorescent
respective standard
Single-Cell
Grossman
Non-linear
additional
trajectory
microenvironmental
intracellular
trademark
reduction
systems-level
OR2*­l-cascade
Downloaded
regulation
tintrinsic
Repressor production
molecule/cell
additional variation
molecular
Physiology
Association
Alexander
Koshland
pffiffiffiffiffiffiffiffi
noise-tolerant
cell-cycle
continuous
environmental
magnitude
systematic
Biochemical
Repressor Concentration
population
Blackwell
half-maximal expression
partitioning
Rosenfeld
microcolony
overexpression
related-content
characteristic
substantial variation
fluorescence time-lapse
regulator
experimental
Engineering
amplitude
lognormal distribution
following
fluctuations
distribution
OR2-mutated
Information
individuality
transcriptional
Organisms
Tet-regulated
Frontiers
l-cascade
Regulation
Production
Weizmann Institute
single-parameter
steady-state distribution
concentration
Oudenaarden
Feliciano
stochastic fluctuations
Measuring
information
different
Fluorescence
calibration
transcription
comparing expression
time-lapse microscopy
averaging individual
Variation
cellular components
Promenade
dependent
schematic
Cambridge
single-valued
Propagation
accuracy
deviation
February
Accurately predicting
symmetric
quantitative characterization
variation
cellular autofluorescence
tetracycline
HighWire
Technology
significant cooperativity
repressor concentration
intrinsic
Massachusetts Institute
faithful
Paulsson
observation
nonlinearity
accumulate
high-resolution
analysis
Bregulator
fundamental
correlation
Ptet-cIYFPY66F
quantitative
resolution
