Relationships
represent
evolutionary
significant differential
similarity
Biochemistry
coexpression
nonidentical
particular
valuable
naturalistic
centrifugal elutriation
computation
ribosomal
Department
alternative
Griffioen
Foundation
assimilating quantitative
cellular processes
knowledge
quantitative measurements
implementation
interesting
technique
utilization
potential
condition
Although
following processes
Clustered
extensive
fluorescence intensity
oxidative phosphorylation
genome-scale sequencing
Lockhart
glycolysis
proteasome
biologists
measurement
conditions
Herskowitz
full-color
integrated understanding
synchronization
functional categories
reordering
cellular
quantitative information
clustered
necessary
difference
cerevisiae
expression measurements
green-fluorescent
sporulation
nutrient-limited sporulation
Follettie
assimilate
induction
graphical representation
uncharacterized
identified
composition
fibroblasts
magnitude
standard deviation
mathematical description
starvation
tricarboxylic
provisional attribution
DISCUSSION Microarray-based
Individual observations
Clustering
particular clustering
associate investigator
reference
tricarboxhuman
biological processes
consistent
specificity
Contributed
arbitrary structure
Groeneveld
Mittmann
clustering correlation
intensity
individual
available functional
statistic
commonsense approach
standard statistical
averaging observation
organizing
canonical
temperature-sensitive
representative
replication
unsynchronized
technical assistance
measurements
functional concordance
chromatin structure
coregulation
experiment
dendrogram
clustering algorithm
approach
available
McLaughlin
contiguous
transcriptional regulation
MICHAEL
hierarchical clustering
BOTSTEIN* *Department
possibility
understanding
immediate­early
homologous
number-reading
combinatorial chemistry
chromosomal
glycolytic
unpublished
computer-generated expression
METHODS
comparison
respiration
December
transcript abundance
high-throughput approaches
coexpressed
currently
mini-chromosome maintenance
identical magnitude
Lashkari
Sherlock
permutation
log-transformed
contribution
microarray hybridization
experimental
alternate
postdoctoral fellowship
large-scale
requiring
Stanford University
randomized
appropriate
mitochondrial
Therefore
sequences
Oxygen-related transcriptional
Hierarchical
clustering
higher-bandwidth
confidence
publication
functional annotation
down-regulated
Self-Organizing
Nonetheless
stimulation
production
initiation
observations
crosshybridization
Thevelein
Vogelstein
unchanged
synthesis
exploring
corresponding
intuitive biological
cell-cycle
PATRICK
standard correlation
Experimental
immediate
Euclidean
illuminating
favorable
statistical organization
red-fluorescent
Redundant Representations
surprising
translation
representing
impractical
fluorescence
intuitive
accordance
gene-expression
RESULTS
upper-diagonal similarity
datapoint
following
demonstrate
providing
extracting
inclusive
ABSTRACT
phylogenetic
asynchronous
biological significance
comprehensive representation
technology
excellent technical
information
functions
remodeling
relationship
redundant collection
efficient
transcription
average-linkage
Velculescu
application
genome-wide expression
combining
rate-limiting
cholesterol biosynthesis
additional
clustering procedure
Mulholland
difficult
development
simplicity
Kraakman
n-dimensional
Institute
comprehensive
numerical
different
collection
aggregation
Amersham
important
advertisement
CA77097
Spellman
structure
translation initiation
biological necessity
algorithm
repertoire
parametric
functional information
elongation
sequence-verified
correlation coefficient
Mitochondrial
temperature
subsequent
angiogenesis
differential expression
Kobayashi
represent individual
