non-core
explicit asymptotic
selection
phenomenon
Sprinzak
Similarly
three-dimensional structure
Güldener
desirable
Research
experiments
frequency
following assumption
Margalit
consecutive superfamily
re-calculating
Molecular
insertion­deletion mismatch
homology
concatenating
probability
shuffling
Assignment
`training
data-simulation
proportion
Integrative approach
interested
condition
conditional probability
sophisticated simulation
correspondence
`building
individual interactions
affected
Puntervoll
advantage
Secondly
potential domain­domain
different experimental
Correlated sequence-signatures
Structure-based assembly
possible
Analysis
observational uncertainty
likelihood maximization
Università
rigorous alternative
Brookhaven
difference
bringing
Experimental
structural
well-known
superfamily
necessary
Münsterkoetter
`non-core
outperform
predictive approach
composition
consensus
assignments
particular superfamily
Superfamilies
predicted
quaternary
biological
different prediction
accuracy
Hochberg
permutation
successful
predictive
domain­domain interactions
implicit assumptions
functional
three-dimensional
imposing
Estimates
Teichmann3
p-values
two-hybrid analysis
simulation technique
threshold
facility
individual
superfamilies
comprehensive two-hybrid
eliminating
combining
rigorous
assumption
category
Inferring domain­domain
practical
different potential
sequences
explicit information
statistical association
two-hybrid experiments
interacting
Biological evidence
INTRODUCTION
Informatica
different implicit
Morgenstern
investigation
erroneous predictions
structural information
Costantini
approach
complement
discovery
protein­protein
dimerization
Interaction
hypothesis
protein­protein interactions
identifier
University
confidence
possibility
standard
Seventy-three
difficulty
eukaryotic
homologous
three-domain
Published
Teichmann
binomial distribution
Mattingsdal
likelihood
Interrogating
motivation
analysing
comparison
simplifying assumption
interaction
Prediction
enzymatic
Biostatistics
September
uncertainty
protein­protein interaction
simulation
multi-domain
throughput
Statistical analysis
suggestion
incompleteness
Laboratory
rigorous statistical
expression
DISCUSSION
crystallographic
structural prediction
consecutive superfamilies
computational
schematic representation
classification
large-scale
Mannhaupt
Thornton
physical interactions
Predictions
over-represented
approximate
domain­domain
regulatory
extracting structural
superfamily interactions
archaeal
statistical approach
Sprinzak-score
Superti-Furga
Shuffling
different possible
Assembly
publication
Ausiello
structural prespective
Predicting
available
predictions
Quaternary Structure
three-dimensional conformation
replicate
Bioinformatics
`Sprinzak-score
Controlling
themselves
structures
Dipartimento
transient interactions
large-scale interaction
Frishman
Bottcher
N-terminal
domain-level structure
mismatch
Assigning p-values
repertoire
Cambridge
assignment procedure
representative
Benjamini
constituent
two-hybrid technique
eubacterial
considerable
Yamanaka
abundance
single-base
evolution
predicted domain­domain
Deng-score
ancestral
quaternary structure
superfamily assignment
alternative approach
Comparative assessment
Ceulemans
satisfying conditions
following
distribution
different superfamily
procedure
single-domain
identical
addressing
specific cellular
ORIGINAL
correction
statistic
influence
one-third
evidence
conserved
assumptions
diverged
Schematic
structural classification
present-day
Domain­domain
functions
strength
combination
statistical inference
simulating
complexity
Understanding
majority
methodology
potential
possible interactions
adjacent
significance
predictions condition
Throughout
ABSTRACT Motivation
Sistemistica
Structural
classifying
SUPERFAMILY
literature
Protein­protein interaction
simulated
satisfying condition
collection
|I|/|P|
complexes
important
significant
insufficient
possible superfamily
statistical prediction
meaningful
comprehensive analysis
shuffled
algorithm
database
powerful approach
correspond
`Deng-score
REFERENCES
throughput approach
elucidating
Chabanis-Davidson
re-assign
largescale interaction
original
Brannetti
Predicted
