Relationships
phenotypic variance19
genomewide
Pleistocene
resolution
human-like
WORDCLIM27
Following
selection
Depending
Department
alternative
canalization
continent
Information Criterion
subtracting
Foundation
different analytical
acknowledge
Melanesia
technique
demographic
considerable
environment
autosomal
investigation
Although
admixture
Acknowledgements
analyses4­7
identical
Variability
Evolution
Recovering
exceptional
morphological
heterozygosity
Multiregional
robustbase
heritable
precipitation
dimensionless
phenotypic diversity
Biotechnology
Selection
differential
analytical framework
realistic
DBayesian Information
Migration
demography
proportion
conservative approach
inspection
considering individual
Statistics
financial
frequency
prediction
empirical
Tsunehiko Hanihara3
standardized phenotypic
differentiation
lambda-opisthion
investigating
Detection
`multiregional
measurements
infectious diseases26
Heterozygosity
Supplementary Information
noticeable difference
Detecting
approach
craniometric diversity
discovery
available
variability
derived25
University
distributed
expansion
colonization
hypothesis
Prugnolle
zygomaxillary
additional
latitude/longitude
comparison
Cambridge
Rosenberg
heteroskedasticity
dispersal
Relethford
within-population
individual measurements
SUMMARY Thirty-seven
signature
insufficient
contribution
prosthion
predictor
Mid-oceanic populations
Ramachandran
explanatory
Thirty-seven morphometric
Whitlock
worldwide human-settlement
archaeological
Revolution
Phenotypic variability
regression23
considering
resorting
temperature
measurements correlate
Frankham
unequivocal
central/southern
parsimonious explanation
Malaysian Peninsula
collected
molecular
Furthermore
determinant
diversity
multiregional
relationship
populations
measurement coefficient
influence
Interestingly
phenotypic measurements
magnitude
elimination
variance/ covariance
Consequently
craniometric inter-population
multiregional hypothesis
population
stochastic population
microsatellite
Statistical Computing
Estimates
Locations
Supplementary
information
individual
craniometric measurements
amplitude
interaction
phenotypic
distribution
anthropological
Madagascar
Publishing
2Department
Introduction
microsatellites
correction
framework equivalent
Biological
substantial
Heritability
regression
Correspondence
Balloux2
Pathogen-driven selection
LETTERS
predictors
Princeton
connection
potential
nonAfrican
3Department
phenotypic variability
difficult
deviation
Development
METHODS SUMMARY
intra-population diversity
monotonic
Excoffier
HGDP-CEPH panel21,22
Statistical significance
likelihood estimation
important
reassessment
significant
morphometric measurements
Phenotypic
within-population phenotypic
structure
Standardized
morphometric
additional predictor
heritability
Relationship
non-African
deterioration
reliability
quantitative
Tibshirani
geographic
variability analogous
Realistic geographic
Geography
