stochastic exploration
cumulative
Understanding Molecular
Similarly
stochastic algorithm
67-nt-long
Giegerich
Jacobson
Xayaphoummine
Sherman­Morrison
stimulating
statistical
differentiation
tree-like secondary
alternative
Ministere
studying
clustering approach
improbable structures
Schuster
visualization
PAbLBPB
Isambert
probability
parameters
combinatorial
shrinkage
Veterling
proportion
improvement
105-fold
pseudoknot proportion
speed-up distribution
instantaneous efficiency
Dyakonova
stochastic
extensive
quasiindependent structural
Bonhoeffer
Gautheret
equilibrium
correspondence
computational efficiency
descriptive
combination
l'Universite
free-energy
Alternatively
BIOPHYSICS Although
394-nt-long Tetrahymena
introduce
100-fold simulation
Pieczenik
consecutive
pseudoknots
Although stochasticity
Identifying
intersection
cerevisiae
condition
structural
coarse-grained structural
hereafter
-operation
Sullivan
neighboring configurations
performing
structure prediction
Abbreviation
convenience
right-to-left
succession
end-to-end
difficult
stationary
configurations
Clustering
requirement
occurrence
Strasbourg
67-nt-long artificial
straightforward algorithm
double-stranded
simulation speed-up
artificial sequences
elementary
individual
intramolecular
Scientifiques
Expected
Performance
operation
subsequent stochastic
Structures
connecting different
numerical efficacy
Gultyaev
100-nt-long
free-energy secondary
Formally
frameshift regulation
dismissal
powerful numerical
150-ntlong
Theoretical
reminiscent
Complexes
unidirectional connection
Pluchery
pseudoknot formation
Concertee Incitative
clustering algorithm
Ferre-D'Amare
Escherichia
Lebowitz
available
MATHEMATICS BIOPHYSICS
structural rigidity
Applying
appropriate time-weighted
Predicted structure
University
arbitrary
Molecular Simulation
out-of-equilibrium calculation
stochastic RNAfolding
Brenowitz
formation
long-time-scale RNA-folding
Distribution
configuration
Communicated
additional
limitation
interaction
enzymatic
heuristic clustering
constraint
December
transition
programming
intrinsic inaccuracy
so-called pseudoknots
compatible
extension
stringent limitation
hardcore interactions
constitutive
Dynamique
simulation techniques
Laboratory
contribution
time-limiting
otherwise
Bioinformatics
Straightforward Stochastic
recalculating everything
relaxation
Physique
Nucleation
appropriate
Flannery
transition probability
sequences
Visualizing
multistable
approximate coarse-grained
Hofacker
88-base-long
Naturally
time-lapse transform
reference
crystallization
combinatorial structure
RNA-folding stochastic
2-bp-long
single-stranded
Introduction
intermediate
California
Recherche Scientifique­Unite
effective acceleration
flexible
appropriate partition
150-nt-long
structures
effective approach
pervasive
introducing
PC25-01
stochastic trajectory
corresponding
inefficient
straightforward stochastic
continuous
precision
polynomial minimization
Academic
ribozyme
394-nt-long
particular
nutshell
free-energy structure
50-nt-long
applying
particular stochastic
McCaskill
Averaging
pseudoknot
somewhatpathological
contradiction
Pseudoknot Prediction
RNA-Folding
transcription
equilibrium calculation
refractory
frequency
Tetrahymena
secondary structures
Meanwhile
computational perspective
procedure
modulating
Porschke
existence
Simulating
prevalence
equilibrium compatible
combining
Projected
Herschlag
state-to-state
RNA-folding prediction
Bures-sur-Yvette
statistical analysis
pseudoknot prevalence
controlled
physical
nucleation dissociation
cooperativity
Williamson
stochastic RNA-folding
Recherche Scientifique­Universite
unzipping
efficient
Laboratoire
discussion
recurrent
n-configuration
traditional base-pair
potential
Thalmann
Cambridge
modification
impediment
coarse-grained
accuracy
independent
mRNA­ribosome interactions
Batenburg
neighbor
calculating
Institute
thermodynamic
mechanical
classical polynomial
connectivity
stochastic clustering
important
summation
transient nucleation
correspond
intrinsic
Teukolsky
translation initiation
PBTBAPA
dynamical
secondary structure
Prevalence
several-fold speed-up
Zarrinkar
elongation
Prediction
Baschenagel
trajectories
principle
inhomogeneity
convenient
free-energy structures
Numerical
Nussinov
base-pair
Hepatitis
