environmental constraints
interpretation
4Department
similarity
generalizable
Processes
communicative
neurophysiological
circuitry
Gluckman
Department
Bibimbou
14-monthold
mentalistic
Supporting
manuscript
SEPTEMBER
interspecific
proportion
repertoire
difficulty understanding
environment
neurobiological
specific environmental
experiment
publication
graminearum microarray
correspondence
Daboussi
official
advantage
permission
nutritional
activation
evolution
unfamiliar
hand-occupied condition
recombination frequency
probability
penetration
contrasting condition
Tchimpounga Sanctuary
Behavioral
transparent
association
Sallaberry
significant enrichment
Evolutionary
cognitive
forced-choice
nonsynonymous
Washington
specific
particular situation
Moumbaka
Woodward
graminearum infection
Education
Recognition
constraints
amendment
considerable difficulty
experimenter-contacted
Cambareri
chimpanzees distinguish
appearance
uncharacteristic
Loss/gain
individual
Povinelli
Performance
hand-empty condition
alternative
container
unavailable
Initiative
low-level explanation
Congolese Ministere
Goal-Directed
chimpanzees
AAIM01000000
hydrolyze
Cambridge
hand-occupied
available
supporting
Tchikaya
perception
host-plant
Buttlemann
Extension
Foundation
SCIENCE
University
attention
divergence
AACM00000000
asiaticum
possibility
distinguish
Carpenter
one-tailed
pedagogy
Presently
interaction
high-resolution
attending
December
Supported
experience
Summerell
associative
Cooperative
Laboratory
phylogenetic distribution
expression
Although variation
One-half
Hauser1,2,3
regardless
Psychology
Copyright
highdensity
trademark
synonymous
Advancement
psychological
Comparing
Accordingly
mitochondrial
Therefore
determine
impossible
intentional condition
hemicellulose
Perception
additional
robustness
technical assistance
culmorum
environmental circumstances
Kanwisher
Downloaded
verticillioides
approach
achievement
frustration
understanding intentional
percentage
Tomasello
Association
Comparison
essential component
diversity
Borowsky
pseudograminearum
explanation
infection
Nonhuman
graminearum
illuminating
virulence
Cognition
F31MH075298
DV998659
translation
attentive
Bekkering
Associative
Blackwell
NSF-HSD
uncertain
related-content
characteristic
oxysporum
ancestral
reinforcement
theoretical
l'Innovation Technique
suggestive
References
containers
evaluating
accidental condition
following
demonstrate
distribution
comparative perspective
spontaneous
hand-empty
acquisition
Information
addressing
high-density
Furthermore
high-diversity
socio-cognitive
Phillips,4
facilitator
Guggenheim Fellowship
infection-related
Organismic
Boukindi
chromosome
different
Rizzolatti
information
immediate constraints
intraspecific variability
2Department
statistical methodology
efficient
contrasting environmental
high-SNP-density
mechanism
intervening environmental
potential
chimpanzee
graminearum annotation
3Department
Recherche Scientifique
Similarly
irrational
accidental
non­goal-directed
Institute
cotton-top
expectation
Physiological
Williamson
experimenter
maceration
structure
handempty
opportunity
Wilcoxon
adaptability
Sequencing Platform
polymorphism
accidental by-product
Drosophila
recombination
sensitive
object-directed
analysis
nonhuman
elucidating
goal-directed
responsibility
particular environmental
correlation
direction
indicative
Bierschwale
otherwise
intentional
backdrop
rationality
