Agencourt Bioscience
ARTICLES Evolution
Lokyitsang10
remarkable
similarity
particular
resistance
BLASTER-TX
morphology
false-discovery-rate-corrected Mann­Whitney
phylogenetic framework
Hydrolase
neighbourjoining
Vicario81
laboratory-induced
Annotation Coordination
Baldwin10
non-synonymous substitution
Academico
single-genome
environment
tissue-specific
proteincoding sequences
analogous
heterogeneity
Embryonic development
derivative metabolic
structure development
Cheshatsang10
Beltsville
downstream
transposon
Alvarez10
frequency distribution
96European Bioinformatics
Anderson21
synonymous divergence
33Laboratory
Yamamoto99
nucleolar
Abdulkadir10
mis-annotated
Schaeffer
Validation
61Department
Assemblers
Tecnologie Biomediche
Bachantsang10
Schaeffer20
secondary assemblies
transmission
applicable
Universitat
over-representation
postzygotic reproductive
Pollard14 Analysis/Writing
inversions
Exonerate24
SPS2129,130
inspection
stem-loop structure
Batzoglou
singlecopy
Biotechnology Information
codon-based likelihood
species-restricted
repetitive
Hollinger10
prediction
Arguello23
Godfrey40
Kulathinal
unprecedented statistical
perspective
biological significance
Doricent10
reconciliation
melanogaster homologue
Virtually
Dhargay10
specification
structure Coarse-level
Schlenke89
Informatics
Freyhult22
Microbiologia
Synpipe32
non-proteincoding
specialist
segmentation
detoxification-gene
respectively
component
reconciled consensus
Raghuraman10
secondary structures
30BioMolecular Engineering
protection
illustration
separation
Makalowski
oxidative
Bioengineering
Distribution
transport Carbohydrate
detoxification
physiology
recessive
illegitimate recombination
chemoreception
respiration
noticeable
Aftuck10
identifiable
birth-and-death
Repetitive
Surprisingly
experience
transposable element-contaminated
published
selenocystein
Technology
higherquality
molecular co-evolution
introgression
testis-biased
classification
problematic
Collymore10
Brockman10
fundamental chromosome
Drosophila chemoreceptor
Oxidoreductase
Strempel93
Claudianos
Bourzgui10
Fleischmann
establish
PIF-transposase-like
confidence
Ubiquitous
selenoprotein synthesis
neurobiology
likelihood
artefactual duplication
morphogenesis
predictions
Hurhula10
Bioinformatics
Nucleotide
`transcription
Greenberg
Constraint
CONTRAST22
chemoreceptor
Departamento
Cambridge
subsequent horizontal
Predicted
GeneMapper25
Lubonja10
homologous locations32,155
Molecular Pathogenesis
Hinrichs60
gustatory receptors
Particularly
Costello43
Feschotte
Similarity
annotation18
challenge
Carvalho36
oxidative phosphorylation
mammalian
Chatterji
suggestive
extraordinary comparative
Wasserman97
Comparative
100Institute
cytochrome
magnitude difference
Langley29
Different
24Department
Intracellular Non-nuclear
high-resolution transposable
melanogaster group-specific
Organismic
Mittelman10
Sophophora
`extracellular
Computational identification
Pennsylvania
information
mojavensis
advantage
Whole-genome
discussion
translational
lineagespecific
Differing
discontinuous phylogenetic
paralogous
Batterham27
specialisation
high-confidence protein-coding
reconciled orthologue
Sequencing
Transporter
widespread
Structural
Biomolecular
Phunkhang10
Originiation
testis-specific expression
Schneider
Bootstrap
accessory
tractability
likelihood estimation
59Department
Bradley32
cis-regulatory
horizontal
annotation
specialization
non-degenerate
Protein-coding
Extracellular
effective
homology-based
recombination
bootstrap
ordinarily
redundant
rearrangement phylogeny
fundamental
molecular evolutionary
foldback-like
Inferring genome-scale
Kapitonov
likelihood framework
evolutionary
`peptidase
Chiao-Feng
olfactory/odorant
non-coding
recognition receptors
Llopart42
Shortrange
stability
computational
Stavropoulos10
Pernambuco
arrangement
pre-eminent
ARTICLES expression
telomere-specific
non-synonymous divergence
interquartile
manuscript
melanogaster selenoproteins
Anderson10
estimating
production
Castrezana37
Teichmann18
Evolutionarily
combination
Charlotte
repetitive transposable
Ponting58,59
willistoni110,111
Phosphorylation
Thoulutsang10
carboxyl/choline-esterase
Rearrangement
Larracuente
Gustafson4
miRNA­target
retrotransposon
genome-wide
association
structural
77Department
accessory-gland-specific
Artieri24
Bellaterra
Cytoplasm
intragenomic
Functional
contamination Expression
17Department
Salzberg45
parameters
Eickbush47
Mitochondrion
instability
immune-related
Makalowski20
characterized
permutation
development
pseudoobscura5
Heger58,59
independent
generation
Transcription
formidable
Hultmark62
Quesneville84
Translation Cell­cell
Kristipati
frequency
combining
laboratory
Kheradpour9
phylogenetic relationship
Discovery
nature06323
Development
Villasante16
phylogeny Drosophila
Wangchuk10
Post-embryonic development
single-copy
selection­mutation­drift
Gadbois10
Andolfatto
induction
clustering
heterochromatic
Consiglio
divergence
possibility
extraordinary
Universita
complicated
Universite
regulatory
intermediate
euchromatic transposable
transpositional
Planegg-Martinsried
8Department
Lazzaro72
unresolved
47Department
Contributors
protein-coding sequences
transcript abundance
75Department
low-coverage
Massachusetts
Lozovsky69
Non-nuclear membrane-bound
phylogenetic distribution
probability
synonymous
over-represented
Transferase
`G-protein-coupled
Channer10
electronic
lower-quality
illustrate
69Department
Ritchie25
Giannoukos10
mauritiana
pseudogenes35,36
Khazanovich10
Environmental
assumption
Wolstenholme
23Department
Regulatory
pseudo-tRNA
molecular
consistent
Kataoka66
DNA-based
excellent
Hahn8,43
relationship
Rockville
94Institute
Thomson10
environmental
differentiate
population
Friedrich10
Dermitzakis
Serendipitous discovery
poly-adenylated
protein-coding composition
compensation
individual
non-protein-coding
multicellular organisms
reproduction
Eyre-Walker
synteny-aided orthology
cis-regulatory modules144
intronless
synonymous substitution
published secondary
Clifton40
nonsynonymous substitutions
Farmington
Batzoglou28
one-tailed
co-evolution
Civetta41
invertedrepeat transposable
Regulation
substantial
Lipovsky10
Delehaunty40
Abderrahim
non-melanogaster
domestication
Lineage-specific
Contrasting
synteny-based
efficient
transcription
contiguous sequences
responsible
olfactory
72Department
melanogaster45
Settipalli10
melanogaster48
Evolutionary Functional
spermatogenesis
random-breakage
Vassiliev10
13Department
Boguslavskiy10
Alexander10
Larracuente1
chromosomes
pseudotRNAs
Biologicas
gain/loss
Markiewicz10
Montserrat
complexes
evolutionary constraint
Chatterji38,39
evolutionary processes
comparisons
Biological
Cristianini
nucleotide alignments
99Department
Pachter38
Molecolare
evolutionarily
observation
Agencourt
Publication
Consistent
Assembler
74Departament
Shailendra
Transport Biosynthetic
subsequent
gene-level
Copenhagen
willstoni
transposable element/repeat
Chromosome
incorporate
signatures
genomewide
melanogaster3,4
Pedersen60,79
xenobiotic metabolism
miRNA­target prediction
anatomical structure
selenoprotein messenger
phagocytosis
poor-quality
Transcription regulator
epistatic
grimshawi
availability
Supplementary Information
Cell­cell signalling
Mount45,75
lowerquality assemblies
83National
Meldrim10
Christophe
cgi-bin/gbrowse/dmel/
Kristiansen67
structure predictions
Carbohydrate metabolic
interspecific
proportion
Biochemistry
threefold
Substitution
high-quality assemblies
Villasante
nucleotide substitution
Phylogram
Physiology
Fall/Winter
exceptional
odorant-binding
immunity/defence
Sec-specific
expectation
Biomedical Informatics
Letendre10
spliceosomal
Drosophila69­73
conjunction
generalist
Keightley
superfamily
footprint151
Costello10
Charlesworth
transposition
81Department
Recife/PE
investigate
Manchester
architecture
Ashburner
Porcelli26
embryonic
Functionally
male-biased
Gyaltsen10
erroneous
Rochester
78Institue
biological processes
sensitivity
newly-emerged
Montooth17
Specifically
plausible
H4-Lys16 acetylation
ascertainment
Vesicle-mediated transport
Bloomington
Spliceosomal
Segarra19
Sackton1,15
Newfeld70
Caggese26
biogenesis
interacting
Haemophilus influenzae
Caenorhabditis
distinctive
Blackburn
GeneWise23
Phillippy45
proteins86,87
gene-by-gene
identification
U12-dependent
Abdouelleil10
Mauceli10
discovery
available
variability
comparable
93Department
complementary
Sparrow10
sex-biased
Rubenfield4
efficiency
eukaryotic
Calabrese
hypothesis
Karpen13,65
Reproduction
contamination
distinguish
Stalker10
selenoprotein biosynthesis
Transposable element/repeat
host­transposable
71Department
Rasmussen9
Mendez-Lago16
melanogaster8
Halpern57
Prevalence
transcription-factor-binding
Lineage-restricted
Proteolysis
expression
experimental
sechellia
gametogenesis
Kulathinal69
92Department
7Department
Divergence
Discussion
Levesque41
Drosophila Heterochromatin
Consortium
sechellia assemblies
Bioscience Corporation
unicellular
adaptation
mitochondrial
sequences
Sanchez-Gracia
97Department
Bioinformatics Institute
Shiaw-Pyng
functional annotation
Quesneville
vertebrate
Matsuda66
different whole-genome
SE-90187
California
maintenance
persimilis
Montmayeur10
localization Transport
MacCallum10
evolutionary consequence
generating
well-defined phylogeny
exquisite simplicity
46Department
Integrated
sufficient
sequence/
one-third
Consensus
understand
Catabolic
systematic
Investigating
Halligan56
Francisco
pseudoobscura
lineage-specific transposable
Grandbois10
Delcher45
Transposable
reciprocal
Estimating
McCusker10
McDonough10
Wilkinson10
unprecedented
Supplementary
precursor
MacDonald10
evaluating
Wolbachia
phenotypic
Stephan93
85Department
cis-regulatory sequences
procedure
Alexander
purifying
Assessing
orientation
Nonetheless
compensatory nucleotide
Furthermore
well-validated
cisregulatory sequences
Integrative
discrepancy
Widespread discordance
detoxification/ metabolism
Mathematics
comparative
Symposium
Genome-wide
non-neutral processes
Correspondence
Alejandro Sanchez-Gracia19,88
canonical progression
longer-range
Johnson57
bootstrap confidence
cytometry
Anastasia Gardiner25
microarray
Retroposed
Hsiao-Pei
underestimate
Alternatively
Drosophila phylogeny
difficult
lineage-specific
evolutionary divergence
Biochimica
X-chromosome-linked
Microbiologia dell'Universita
Institute
comprehensive
RepeatRunner
Yoshihiko Tomimura95
respectively124
additional Drosophila
Laboratory
footprint
Providence
opportunity
contribution
91Biomedical Informatics
polymorphism
Drosophila pseudoobscura
ARTICLES chromosomal
secondary structure
Washington University
orthologous
functional non-coding
McKernan4
Christopher Strader10
BLAST-based
organization
Molecular paleontology
`proteolysis
preference
two-tailed permutation
Bessette10
Zdobnov102
codonusage
19Departament
Similarly
calculating evolutionary
distribute
Feyereisen
sequestration
homogeneity
ribosomal
differentiation
behavioural
Molecular
alignment
reproduction-related
complexspecific
false-discovery
demographic
Chapple31
Connecticut
Christopher
Dipartimento
Sisneros68
evolutionary perspective
Inferring
signalling Vesicle-mediated
Annotation
Hillier40
TGT/TGC
saturation
transduction Embryonic
Gelbart11,12 Annotation
38Department
unification
fourfold-degenerate
development Post-embryonic
multi-genome
sequencing
background substitutional
glutathione S-transferase
Leiva-Neto
Evolutionary
micro-structure
Lapoint71
Non-coding
modification Regulation
Filipski49
deleterious
hemizygosity
RepeatMasker
Magnisalis10
Spaulding10
rearrangement
conclusion
alignments
assemblies
ananassae
protein-coding
Management
Matthews10
metabolic
Codon-substitution
competition
Edwards46
Jagadeeshan24
telomerase-generated
Department
International
willistoni
recognition
developmental
euchromatic chromosome
Pittsburgh
Boukhgalter10
Entomology
Sophophora melanogaster
integration
conservative
Dordrecht
readlength
melanogaster melanogaster
structural information
Population
contrasting
sex/reproduction
disentangle
Analysis/Writing Coordination
Vilella19,96
selenocysteine
synteny-based orthologue
pseudo-transfer
Celniker2
Anxolabehere
melanogaster euchromatic
Universidad
Kruskal­Wallis
insecticide resistance
limitation
Koerich36
constraint
Generation
non-immune
recognized
11Department
testis-specific
Hollocher
Tesfaye10
cis-element
insufficient
Intelligence Laboratory
predictor
immune-gene functional
Remington57
Kirkness57
contractions
transposable
significant
Developmental
phylogenomic
communication
Subramanian
Approximately
fourfolddegenerate
appropriate
TCOFFEE34
Single-copy
Eickbush
speciation
custom-designed
Sheffield
whole-genome
Castellano
Pre-miRNA sequences
dehydrogenase
unambiguous
Fluctuating
32Department
relocation
approximate
Minato-ku
true-positive
dispersion
autosomes
Drosophila radiation53
conservation
structure
ARTICLES University
metabolism
Grabherr10
Translational
Montserrat Papaceit19
cosmopolitan
6Laboratory
Interestingly
maximum-likelihood estimation
different Watson­Crick
35Department
Topping10
McBride29
Mollenhauer20
Finishing
Sturgill6
Drosophila cis-regulatory
considerable
Greenberg1
Municipal d'Investigacio
low-quality
high-quality
qualitative
reproductive
Ferguson10
Genomewide comparative
genome-scale rearrangement
mojavensis29
species-specific
Engineering
`receptor
Mihalev10
Garfield52
heterogeneous
detectable
mutation­selection­drift
fulllength
pre-miRNA sequences
Gravely54
Comeron42
Setagaya-ku
Publishing
Bustamante
56Institute
histocompatibility
non-neutral
determinant
BLASTER-tx
Principles
coordinator
reliability
64Institute
Wong73,98
covariation
ribonucleoprotein
chromosome
selenoproteins
McAllister42
assessing
danielapollard
calibration
Drosophila willistoni
Guigo31,55
Strausberg57
occasional
Barsanti26
essentiality
transport
Drosophila melanogaster
antimicrobial
Smith65,92
gustatory
mir-310/311/
re-sequencing
Hubisz61
Edinburgh
orthology
functional importance
Melbourne
ecological
63Department
Nielsen78
90Department
Identification
Keightley56
Insititute
52Department
grimshawi Drosophila
Elizabeth
Yoshida101
many-fold
algorithm
Chinwalla40
Scaffolds
Universitet
Prediction
Universidade
Structural alignments
transposons
Sophophora-specific
incomplete
Acknowledgements Agencourt
Contributions
Schwartz90
Artificial Intelligence
Techniques
