WWF-Indonesia
Conversion
interpretation
phenomenon
extractive
Whitmore
Resosudarmo
synchronous
stability
Fellowship
Organization
Department
Although mammalian
concession-style
well-drained
Supporting
northeast
measuring
Scientific
MacPherson
Southeast
Samach,2
O'Connor
fruitful
intensive
Zulkarnain
production
maintaining
Although
legitimate chain-of-custody
influencing
irreversible ecological
correspondence
Blackwell
Siregar,4
carbonrich ecosystems
Fluorescence
permission
Syrahirsyah
construction
plantation establishment
barbatus
degradation
abundance
Protected
governance
Doolittle
Chadwick
ecological degradation
coincidence
Environmental
condition
secondary
Abdurrachman
Oscillation
Pontianak
Terborgh
induction
Washington
Tsuchiyama
fluorescent
overexploitation
representative ecosystems
time-series
invaluable
Agriculture
Marshall
Therefore
accessible
Nonlowland
Kasischke2
Management
contrasting
Sanchez-Azofeifa
temporary off-farm
negligible deforestation
expansive
circadian
surrounding
intensity
Astiani,3
migration
protecting
Mannings
McDonald,2
EPIQ-NRM2 Indonesia
transport
Policymaking
Hoffmann
Indonesian
Development
International Development
Singapore
clear-felled
interview-based
Kalimantan-wide analysis
wildlife reproductive
Wasserburg
messenger
reforestation
Preliminary
photoperiod
international
dipterocarp
terrestrial
Coupland1
demonstrated
available
supporting
classification
Indonesia
demonstrate sufficient
Foundation
Periplus
SCIENCE
University
Helarctos malayanus
commercial
Missoula
expansion
Indonesian Institute
Schwartzman
Tanjungpura
wood-based
immediate transnational
regulatory
McCauley
flowering
Investigasi Aktivitas
widespread
pygmaeus
avifauna
biodiversity
September
December
industry
Preserving
expression
circadianclock-controlled transcription
Institutional Breakdown
economic
orangutan
rainforest
consequence
concession
Caniago,4
high-resolution
industrial plantations
biological importance
industrial
Copyright
Conserving Kalimantan
trademark
Cumulative
nongovernmental
Advancement
Photoperiodic Flowering
CONSTANS
smallholder agroforestry
Nino­induced
Brazilian
wild-type
ecological integrity
time-series analysis
distinctive dipterocarp
regenerative
Nakamura
land-use
BAPPENAS
district-issued
described
Geographic Information
Downloaded
Photoreceptor Regulation
spontaneous
Plantation establishment
Tachibana
regulation
concession-based
transcription
extraction
reduction
Protection
frugivore-food
maintenance
resolution satellite
Association
Alexander
Biodamar
Luminescence
diversity
Lundberg
Yurimoto
populations
light-mediated posttranscriptional
sufficient
substantial deforestation
Valverde,1
Carl-vonLinne
environmental
hemiepiphytic
smallholder agricultural
up-regulation
plantations
Situation
anonymous
population
Deutsche Forschungsgemeinschaft
fragmentation
Industrial
high-quality
abandoned
Blundell
Hinrichs
species-
decentralization
Arabidopsis
different
mammalian
Brandstatter
frequency
Conservation
reproduction
reference satellite
following
distribution
Conservation Monitoring
ecosystems worldwide
Ravenscroft,1
Information
Supported
concomitant
Herrwerth
satellite-based
household
encouragement
Protostars
well-defined
Kalimantan
International
Hardiono,4
Australian
activity
Pamungkas
acceleration
information
conversion
Williamson
Photoreceptors
Dempewolf
unlogged
Assessment
Activation
government
mechanism
Deforestation
interest-free
Cambridge
3Department
MacKinnon
dominance
transparent
perimeter
independent
satellite
Dipterocarp reproductive
Effective
provincial
Gullison
surrounding Indonesian
FEBRUARY
deforestation
connectivity
HighWire
overexpress
vertebrate
Nature-Indonesia-Kalbar-BKNP
equitable
lowland-dependent
indigenous
wood-based industries
excessive production
PA-909/
exposure
posttranscriptional regulation
Primitive
Jerusalem
destruc~
overexpression
Noether-Programm
Directorate
BAPPEDA-KALBAR
RAF-kinaseinhibitor-like
extensive reduction
field-based
reproductive synchrony
harvestable
Yokohama
­Indonesia
Dipterocarpaceae
management
clearance
institutions
Geography
