`small-world
date/party
transcriptome
similarity
laboratory
transmembrane
fingerprint
characteristic
stability
Fellowship
computational
Genentech
statistical
ribosomal
Department
stabilization
alternative
Molecular
frequency determination
Supplementary Information
Foundation
described27
calmodulin
parent-of-origin
normalization10
scale-free protein­protein
different biological
Sex-dependent
Waterbury
topological
containing
trans-regulatory
distinguishing
threefold
strategy13
Although
inviability
messenger
Acknowledgements
Two-tailed
Date-hub/module
Robustness
identical
Evolution
schematic
subcellular localization
Jing-Dong
different experimental
homologue
integrity
functional
Rayburn1
individual condition
unification
interactions10
Dana-Farber
`pheromone treatment
exhaustive two-hybrid
apical­basal
functional annotation
association
oogenesis
evolution
Evolutionary
Presuming
Armstrong
Systematic identification
localized
Computing
cis-regulatory divergence
representation
deleterious
appearance
genome-wide prediction
arbitrary
biological
subnetwork
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
essential
therapeutic
homogeneous
measuring
level'15
financial
Castillo-Davis
different interaction
normalization procedure
Postdoctoral Fellowship
Organized modularity
consistent
Borchers2
administrative assistance
empirical
threshold
convergent extension
Conservation
Biomedical
flamingo/starry
interaction verification
separating
biological significance
Metabolic
organizing
neighbourhood
developmental
Caribbean
`breakdown
plasticity
large-scale localization
subsequent
scaffold
interactions
genes5,6
viability
ommatidial
expression-profiling compendium
expression difference
experiment
robustness3,4
Massachusetts
respectively
understood
nonparametric Mann­Whitney
trans-regulatory divergence
available
comparable
epigenetic
`sporulation
transcriptional regulation
interactome
University
dissection
component
co-expression
Goldberg2
behaviour
centrality
selective
hypothesis
possibility
Correlation
regulatory
experiments5,6
nonbiological scale-free
Attacking
Velculescu
Trans-acting regulatory
comparison
Ashburner
respiration
Meiklejohn
complexes
resistant
determining
Localization
protein­protein interaction
Altshuler
sensitive
`unfolded
important
`budding
marc_vidal
Lauffenburger
regulator
distinction
Undergraduate
Functional profiling
experimental
Clingingsmith
false-positive interactions
`interactome
Highlighting
interactions published
Kruglyak
two-hybrid
Consortium
community
high-level
Gogh/strabismus
flexibility
Interdisciplinary Informatics
Lethality
`filtered
localization diversity
functional homogeneity
essentiality
Biomolecular Interaction
Christine Jolicoeur1
orientation
clustering
confidence
Eisenberg
Diversity
additional
subcellular
subnetworks
organized modularity
Differences
duplicate
Functional organization
Weatherbee
stereociliary
California
Single-nucleotide polymorphism
Regulatory
low-level
molecular
Vogelstein
metabolism
Probability
single-gene
Transcriptome profiling
corresponding
well-characterized
literature14
definition
protein­protein interactions
lethality
randomized interactome
Sawamura
Subnetworks represent
non-biological
different behaviour
systematic
expression measurement
profiling compendium9
Expression
spillover
determining functional
Blackwell
Volkerding
partitioning
high-quality
experimental assistance
reciprocal
Characterization
comparable clustering
sterility
Futhermore
robustness
Worcester
genome-scale
comprehensive two-hybrid
concurrency
clustering coefficient
Comparative assessment
distribution
synthesis
Hirschhorn
Madhavarapu
Publishing
calculation
correction
partnership
Biotechniques
expression profiling
filtering
proteomewide
epithelial
spectrometric identification
neighbourhood26
subnetworks corresponding
Genome-wide
significant proportion
intersecting
Francisco
Development
information
different
two-sided
interspecific expression
transcription
Competing interests
interests statement
postgenome
application
non-biased functional
intuitive
Drosophila melanogaster
significance
algorithm
development
Correspondence
Pellegrini
`endoplasmic reticulum
description
institutional
representation24
Institute
comprehensive
Collective
`homeostasis
Frederick
respective
expression differences
connectivity
Hollocher
Biological Chemistry
successive
epidemiological
computation
Fromont-Racine
organization
prevalent
Drosophila
Conversely
partition
purification
Functional characterization
experimental conditions
high-throughput
correlation
high-confidence interactions
Molecular Pharmacology
`mitochondrion
technical
