restriction
different substitution
statistical
Department
Metropolis
command-driven
convergence acceleration
parameters
application
Applications
heterogeneity
Likelihood
correspondence
computational efficiency
Evolution
non-statistical
dependent
morphological
parameter-rich
framework
phylogeny
posterior distribution
computational complexity
Evolutionary
investigator
graphical representation
nonsynonymous/synonymous
magnitude
analytical
Availability
homogeneous
hallmark
generation
Currently
acceleration technique
morphology
autocorrelated
standard statistical
moderate-sized empirical
Available
consensus
parallelization
compilation
available
different stochastic
University
standard
Partition-specific
substitution
analyzed
likelihood
topology
installation
partition-unique
constraint
December
covarion/covariotide
Individual
computational
probability
Message-Passing Interface
Macintosh
probability distribution
appropriate
mitochondrial
individual parameter
standard molecular
so-called posterior
realistic evolutionary
introduction
Huelsenbeck
phylogenetic inference
assumption
California
precompiled
Bioinformatics
posterior probability
correction
specifying character
composite
Metropolis­Hastings
Consensus
bootstrapping approach
phylogenetic analysis
evolution
birth-and-death
heterogeneous
distribution
Different
ABSTRACT
Computational complexity
metropolis-coupled
stochastic evolutionary
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
information
different
efficient
coalescent
potential
Systematic
development
independent
February
variation
important
Biological
nucleotide
structure
partition
tab-delimited
Bollback
MPI-enabled
different parameter
