disciplinespecific
different individual
DISTRIBUTED COMPUTING
Similarly
commuVOL
astronomical
deployment
capabilities available
centralized
scientist
eXtensible
Department
existence
important experiments
Strategist
Bservice-oriented architecture
Foundation
Chappell
knowledge
Viewpoint
application
electricity
Continuing
challenges
capabilities
instrument
Revolutionizing
biomedical
Although
integrate
cialization
comparative analysis
Schwidder
Engineering Simulation
Kaufmann
e-Science Programme
advantage
permission
Nevertheless
accessing environmental
supercomputer
Analysis
VIEWPOINT Service-Oriented
Mambretti
domain-specific
interoperability
international
collective scientific
SourceForge
scientific communities
structural
accelerator laboratory
evolution
open-source
integrate information
mathematician
provenance
university
Google_s
Washington
Intellectual
capability
Rethinking Infrastructure
experiments
biological
essential
Advisory
accessible
worldwide
Blueprint
domain-independent
Earthquake Engineering
metabolic
Biotechnology Information
PlanetLab
Currently
phenomena
plug-andplay composable
constitute
value-added
Service-oriented
infrastructure
grapsoftware
Atmospheric
bacterial
Observatory
deploying
cookie-cutter
Computing Infrastructure
radiology
outsourcing
astronomy
serviceoriented
exploding
reconstruction
assignment
collective knowledge
honorable
developer
discipline-specific
interfaces
available
specialist
accessing
adcommunity resources
Tsvetanov
SCIENCE
University
Sometimes
commercial
agreement
general-purpose
understanding
efficiency
management
chalship
high-energy
separation
Scientific Computing
interface
configuration
earthquake
information technology
additional
revolutionary
definition
Computational
Kesselman
experimentalist
collaboratory
Berners-Lee
e-Science
experience
implementation
Service-Oriented
HighWire
Particularly valuproviding
Laboratory
scientific productivity
high-resolution
experimental
Architecture
connotation
Ultimately
computational
Distributed Computing
Biomedical Informatics
Copyright
bioinformatics
Advancement
community
coincidence
improbable
appropriate
capaplay
initiative
morphology
sequences
OPeNDAP
observatory community
disciplinary
sysSourceForge
serviceoriented techniques
conventional
categorization
bottom-up
publishing
uniformity
supporting infrastructure
indispensable
acceptance
trademark
Downloaded
Approaches
92-processor
Responding
Bioinformatics
conceivable
Association
Definition
application-specific
diversity
successful
distribution
Implementation
automating time-consuming
precision
immediate
environmental
Community
particular
e-Infrastructure
cookiecutter
simulation resources
largescale
organizations
commodity
related-content
businesspeople
high-end
Generation
teleoperation
physical resources
providing
acquisition
cyberinfrastructure
widespread automation
Information
International Symposium
Networked
providers
Be-Science
Corporation
HyperText
subprogram
interpretation
comfortable
So-called service-oriented
exchanging
substantial
expertise
something
organizational
Mathematics
simulation capabilities
Performance Distributed
General-purpose
information
power­transmission
governing
requirements
efficient
national-scale
chestration
Bernholdt
W-31-109Eng-38
Trefethen
potential
teleobservation
individual communities
transnational
service-oriented computing
International University
Mathematical
development
nsf_ci_report
orchestration
collaborative
communicating
Collaboratory
commercial information
collaboration
functions
collection
educational
multi-institute collaborations
applications
membership
important
computing resources
representation
participant
Francisco
data-processing
structure
Ochsenbein
surprising
discipline-independent resources
considered
different scientific
increases
analysis
cosmology
scientific literature
principle
VIEWPOINT Cyberinfrastructure
following resources
Williams-Beuren
chemistry
Physical
