Bar-Joseph
systematic
Similarly
genomewide
Abbreviations
particular
desirable
researcher
interpreted
distribution regardless
statistics literature
threshold
alternative
adjustment
availability
incurring
Calculate
Estimating
interquartile
calculate
interesting
necessary intermediate
inclusion
proportion
estimating
Appendix
treatment
Hedenfalk
occurring
Discussion
correspondence
measurement exceeding
straightforward
Identifying
apoptosis
measurement
introduce
mathematical definition
increases
interpreting
exon­intron
FDR-based
sequencing
impractical
difference
inducing
prominent
Transcriptional
BRCA1and BRCA2-mutation-positive
worst-case
parameter
Kruglyak
Washington
distribution functions
specific
reasonable
arbitrary
difficult
Hochberg
above-mentioned
Statistics
sensitivity
conditional
estimates
prediction
Specifically
mathematical formulation
Benjamini
Tibshirani *Department
GENETICS STATISTICS
statistic
rigorous
estimated
detecting differential
valuable theoretical
expressed
conservative
approach
University
discovery
available
Gusterson
simultaneously
Algorithm
transcriptional regulation
equivalent
attention
Siegmund
Differentially Expressed
possibility
standard
difficulty
hypothesis
oligonucleotide
Reasonable
statistical hypothesis
dependence requirement
consideration
Typically
implicit
interpret
definition
pointwise
extension
large-scale genotyping
biological verification
dependence
BRCA1-mutation-positive
practical
connection
simultaneous
data-dependent
permutation
complicated
Alternative
expression
conditioning
Yekutieli
examining
legitimate regulator­DNA
significant
probability
characterization
significance simultaneously
distributed
Stanford University
Detecting Differentially
significance threshold
Fairbrother
analyzing
Therefore
specificity
Kolodner
specific transcriptional
similarity
splice-site
considering
Transcriptional regulatory
additional
inducing apoptosis
nucleotide
continuous
Dissection
quadratic
Controlling
hypotheses
proposal
probabilistic relationship
theoretical justification
direction
alternative hypothesis
Theoretical
Harbison
acceptable
transcriptional regulators
curvature
histogram
Equivalently
Wasserman
single-nucleotide polymorphism
automated
distinction
convenient numerical
trustworthy
observation
abundance
Thompson
Regardless
Biostatistics
Proposed
exon­intron structure
Hishikawa
different
regulator
individual
Radmacher
following
distribution
familywise
measuring statistical
motivation
important assumption
empirical distribution
calculation
microarrays
thresholding
generalization
comfortable
quantification
substantial
statistical analysis
two-sample
statistical significance
suppressing apoptosis
information
respective
Statistical Hypotheses
gene­marker
exploratory
automated algorithm
Possible
Motivating Examples
microarray
methodology
interested
criterion
negligible
interpretable
preferable
accuracy
development
independent
commonplace
Bonferroni
simultaneously conservative
Technical
comprehensive
BRCA1mutation-positive
BRCA2mutation-positive
plugging
Altschul
estimates available
Analysis
rationale
quantitative
positives
meaningful
implement
Churchill
gene-marker combination
undefined
Activity
whenever
analysis
traditional
tradeoff
subsequent biological
high-throughput
specifying
Statistical significance
BRCA2-mutation-positive
biological conditions
differential expression
Considering particular
Kallioniemi
