represent
generalize
computation
Department
expressions
Neuromotor Mechanisms
aggression
fundamental difference
anycontinue
intensive
uniqueness
analogous
divergent
attribution
developmental foundation
Cognition
plausibility
domain-specific
Meltzoff
infiniteness
oversimplifying
attractive simplicity
impressive
uncovering
Biolinguistics
applicable
qualitative discontinuity
intriguing
Sentences
biological
perceptual
inspection
inconsistent
preexisting constraints
three-dimensional
foundation
consistent
explication
morphology
substantial interdisciplinary
by-product
NOVEMBER
functioning
expressive
cephalopod
17th-century
acrimonious
conceptualintentional
persistent trainthese
constructing expressions
reminiscent
ordinality
organisminternal
nonphonetic
COMPASS Although
biological mechanism
segmentation
processing
inarguable existence
particular components
rudimentary
component
understanding
anthropology
following
selective
different languages
Selection
respiration
open-ended generative
Communication
elaborate
Surprisingly
experience
controversy
Although homologous
descended
navigation
spontaneous imitation
subcategory
inclusive definition
overarching
addressed
Adaptation
environment
biophysical
discriminative
species-typical
prejudging
adaptationist
Marentette
consonant-vowel
Neuroscience
theoretical
Greenberg
neurophysiology
chimpanzee
interaction
particular
cardinality
Blackwell
uncontroversial
garden-path sentences
different cognitive
accomplishment
mammalian
categorical perception
sociocultural
Comparative
comparative evolutionary
stringent constraints
something
Excerpted Manuscript
Voluntary
imitation
practical
recursive
defective
discussion
exceptional
Pepperberg
foundational observation
conceptual-intentional
segmenting
information
cotton-top
amorphous
MacDonald
evolution researcher
meaningful
phrasestructure
Gallistel
complexity
visuomanual imitation
recursion
evolutionary phenomena
available comparative
sensory-motor interface
evolutionary
interpretation
hierarchy
astronomical
word-thing relationship
digestion
mind-independent
sensory-motor
Organization
existence
Biomechanics
remarkrespect
human-created
imitating
probability
interesting
Philosophy
production
Hypothesis
communication
subjacency
correspondence
Evolution
evolutionary remodeling
framework
detachment
association
structural
computing algebraic
cognition
neuroscientist
independent evolutionary
monparticular
magnitude
constraints
exaptation
constitute
organism-external
Referential
longdistance hierarchical
Povinelli
combining
Nottebohm
Development
Szathmary
psychology
restricted
communicating
investigation
suggesting
character evolution
particular conception
University
divergence
According
possibility
ascending
difficulty
nonhomologous
homologous
conditioning
regulatory
intermediate
communication Spontaneous
Cambridge
linguistic computational
Darwinian
rainforest
consequence
successor
high-resolution
Cognitive Development
convincing evivisual
Copyright
Karakashian
philosophical
particular anatomical
Dickinson
impossible
referentiality
Investigations
nonarbitrary
construct
discriminate sentences
Downloaded
assumption
computational mechanism
molecular
Physiology
Association
anatomical modification
mandibular
hypothetical
relationship
continuous
seeing/knowing distinction
immediate
familiarization
discriminability
additional evolutionary
Watchmaker
narrow-syntactic component
References
acquisition
Information
addressing
exploring
reviewing
unchanged
well-developed
manuscript
sentences
mind/brain
COMPASS Hypothesis
comparative framework
foundational
responsible
communicative
cognitive evolution
prototypical
COMPASS
performance
nonlinguistic conceptual
competence
Independently
incapable
limitless
functional components
Persistent
schematic representation
Ainsworth
phonological
intrinsic
Massachusetts Institute
so-called
Neuroimage
Descartes
observation
studabout
appropriate comparative
traditional
necessary component
principle
productive interchange
I-language
imaginable languages
peripheral components
evolutionary challenge
Cognitive Ethology
imitawell
homology
multidisciplinary
knowledge
proportion
imitative Comparative
particular constraints
impenetrable
generaConcerning similarity
experiment
enthusiasm
underlying perceptual
preexisting communication
continuity
Bekkering
permission
concreteness
neuroimaging
NEUROSCIENCE
conjunction
action-perception
recursive embedding
evolution
substrate
unproductive theoretical
transitional
conceptual-intentional interfaces
Washington
architecture
important implication
statistical
reference
learnable
intelligence
vertebrates
Chaminade
Specifically
plausible
individual
usefulness
biolinguistic perspective
different communicative
artificial
conceptual
exploration
geometric
conditions
discovery
available
variability
comparable
importance
interfaces
arbiRoughly
Lieberman
Linguistems
hypothesis
Machiavellian
interface
Controversy
numerical reasoning
tractable
Jackendoff
connection
embedding
Neurophysiology
distinction
expression
articulatory
Ultimately
modality-specific
finite-state
Minimalism
comprehension
continuity hypothesis
Roitblatt
discrimination
outstanding
trademark
referential communication
prototype
generating
phylogenetic
diversity
Princeton
sufficient
Matsuzawa
communication sysutility
near-optimal
repertoire
Consequently
Piatelli-Palmerini
neural/computational constraints
open-ended combinatorial
conception
related-content
considerable relevance
contingencies
empirical
Intelligence
phenotypic
Minimalist
Evolutionary Psychology
noncommunicative
Nonetheless
quantificational
Furthermore
important constraints
Slobodchikoff
penetrable
comparative
Linguistic
different
generative processes
distinctive information
Woodruff
domain-general
propensity
modification
composition
prerequisite
difficult
development
independent
Comparative Approaches
comprehensive
substantial evolutionary
object/kind
tradition
particular selective
conceptual-intentional interface
Logically
components
organization
spherical
intentional communication
Similarly
knowledgeable
Lenneberg
underlying
alternative
candidate
neurobiological
Although
comparative-evolutionary
herculean
intentionality
biologists
unlimited
listening
organism-internal
emergence
necessary
cognitive
identifying
Shettleworth
consensus
Transitions
Imitation
arbitrary
adaptation
accessible
domain-independent
classical
strongest
saltational
chimpanzee-like
developmental
ineliminable
convergent evolution
Government
unavoidable
admirable effectiveness
conservative
Zuberbuhler
innovation
vocabulary
Savage-Rumbaugh
SCIENCE
contextual
cellulose
agreement
Rizzolatti
Hillsdale
Proponents
selectional
limitation
tool-making
extension
vertebrate characteristic
constituting
compatible
Tomasello
insufficient
important computational
mathematical
sound-meaning
computational
Psychology
unblendable
Advancement
Biological Foundations
phrase-structure
elementary
additional
Cross-modal perception
MacNeilage
approximate
Illustration
dispersion
Approaches
-internal
Listening
weaklanguage
rhythmic
empirical challenge
Shankweiler
Transition
remarkable similarity
Empirical
Hypotheses
hierarchical
Foundations
attainable
multimodal imitative
circulation
efficient computation
McGraw-Hill
ancestral
species-specific
incomprehensible communication
mutucommunication
Perspective
combinatorial manipulation
Generative
highlight
distribution
long-distance
inclusive
Introduction
inadequate
universal
Answering
quantification
limitless expressive
primitive vertebrate
Bickerton
ancestors
discriminate
preprogress
approachown
grammatical
Gouzoules
Studdert-Kennedy
Structure
conclusion
open-ended
collaborative
alternative selectionist
important
neuroscience
Ethology
straightforward word-thing
structure
Sulkowski
persistent
tractable evolutionary
evolutionary viewpoint
intentional
interface conditions
