assembling
somatosensory neocortical
similarity
Deutscher Akademischer
Fitzgerald
transient-hub
Topological
Direccion
long-lasting mechanism
transmission3
topological statistics6
statistical
participate
Department
transcriptional programme
Diputacion
Supplementary Information
feedforward
antagonist
cell-cycle progression
SEPTEMBER
important regardless
proportion
Greenbaum
topological
ChIP­chip
sensitivity
Biochemistry
Connecticut
inter-connection
maintaining
four-letter
communication
compilation
identification
Acknowledgements
integrating transcriptional
endogenous
transcriptional regulation
previously8
Evolution
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
insensitive
disparate
Identifying
dependent
activation
non-transcription
whole-cell
expectation
functional
observed24
DNA-damaging
heterozygosity
Program-specific distribution
Gerstein1,3
`follow-on
sub-network structures
intersection
circadian
large-scale topological
secondary
processes
sporulation
progression
hyperpolarization
substantial topological
evaluation
Neocortical GABA-containing
classified
Domedel-Puig
applicable
circuitry
Superfamilies
architecture
`small-world
biocytin-filled
biological
regulation
Trace-back algorithm
pair-wise transcription
replacement
homogeneous
Developmental
fast-spiking
financial
sub-graphs
metabolic
generation
Transcription
two-tiered
Teichmann4
house-keeping
constitute
Cambridge Commonwealth
individual
condition-specific interactions
perspective
behavioural
laboratory
uni-modal distribution
Exogenous conditions
CCKnegative
pyramidal
Collado-Vides
inhibitory
organisms
multi-stage
Paccanaro
inhibition
Database28
modulation
sequential
seven-letter
secondary transcription
pathophysiological
conditions
Escherichia
Sudarsanam
individual transcription
Neurological
follow-on statistics
Interaction interchange
interactions
importance
University
different sub-network
simulating sub-graphs
behaviour
large-scale organization
expression-level
self-induced inhibition
regulatory
inter-connected transcription
sub-networks impossible
comparison
Cambridge
Schematics
neocortical
transition
influential
low-threshold-spiking
inter-regulation
cholecystokinin
propagation
connection
characterized
Saccharomyces
Laboratory
selfinhibition
Conversely
Ostlund-Nilsson
Rozowsky
examining
threespine stickleback
inference
probability
interchange interactions
constancy
endogenous sub-networks
trace-back algorithm
singleinput
Statistical confidence
exogenous conditions
well-known
Teichmann
Therefore
regulatory information9­11
specificity
`in-degree
proportional
experiments
occurrence
clustering
interchange
Different conditions
fifteenspine
functional annotation
Zeitlinger
condition-specific
intrinsic excitability
sub-networks
intermediate
likelihood-based
statement
subsequent
molecular
Transcriptional regulatory
`clustering coefficient
endogenous conditions
transcriptional regulatory
Forschungsgemeinschaft
extra-pair
Simulated sub-graphs
populations
transience
histogram
Identifying regulatory
environmental
regulatory influence
normalized
particular
interregulation
Additionally
Consequently
microsatellite assessment
population
sporulation14
microarray experiments
reproductive
co-regulate
gene-expression
anticipate
robustness
information processing
genome-scale
multifunctional transcription
Pemberton
frequency
multicellular organisms
regulatory interactions
biochemical
respective conditions
exogenous sub-networks
procedure
GABAergic
Assessing
transcriptional circuitry
Publishing
2Department
Furthermore
exogenous
resultant
immunoprecipitation
Long-lasting self-inhibition
interchanged
simulations
Respomuso
exogenous processes
Neurology
Correspondence
different
excitatory
cannabinoid
transcription
responsible
Endogenous processes
Exploring
highlighted
genome-wide transcriptional
methodology
terminating
essentiality
conferring
feed-forward-loop
significance
3Department
Structural
refocusing
Instituto
different conditions
intracellular transport
calculating
California
Altoaragoneses
Collective
Huguenard
multiple-input
connectivity
important
`out-degree
Molecular Biophysics
structure
ubiquitous transcription
Endocannabinoid-mediated
Piedrafita
combinatorial transcription
repertoire
K1-channel
phase-specific transcription
integrating gene-expression
complexity
SANDYalso
scale-free
representation
interconnectivity
differential expression
