`Text-based discovery
automatic pattern-based
two-dimensional
similarity
Information Retrieval
biomedical knowledge
Department
RESEARCH
`Extracting phenotypic
relationships
`complementary
Ananiadou
Additionally
Biocomputing
bestperforming
MEDLINE
Verifying
hypothesis discovery
CURRENT
replication
bag-of-words
Automatic
Acquisition
prespecified
uncovering
evaluation
non-specific relationships
`Facilitating
Text-mining researchers
verifiable
MEDLINE abstracts
capitalisation
consistent
Currently
post-processing
feasibility
morphology
perspective
biochemical association
extracted hypothesis
advantageous
exploring transcription
foregoing
relationship extraction
biological literature
Informatics
supporting
scientific plausibility
Agichtein
literature-derived relationship
Nomenclature Committee
multiplex literature
Professor
component
`Rule-based extraction
understanding
extraction Paralleling
granularity
sophistication,9
Explorations Newsletter
`PreBIND
straightforward Agichtein
`Identification
Ravikumar
Computational Linguistics
examining
hypothesis generation
classification
information explosion
addressed
Therefore
DIRECTIONS
Evaluation
re-examination
NLP-based
confidence
abbreviations
text-based
template-based
examination
Bioinformatics
part-of-speech
assessment
`Complementary
CONCLUSIONS
Text-mining
`Transformation-based errordriven
state-ofthe-art
Editorial
particular
`functional coherence
conceptual information
textmatching algorithms
`GAPSCORE
Characterization
challenge
Postdoctoral
natural-language processing
Textpresso
annotation collection
`BioCreAtIvE
challenging
Finkelstein-Landau
`Information Retrieval
important discoveries
Relationship extraction
tagger11,16,17
scientific information
**Hirschman
productive
`PubMatrix
syntactic
Intelligent
Ontologies
positional
dependent
`Recognizing
forms,47 achieving
establishment
`Processing
gene/protein
biomedical researchers
collection
evaluations
automatic extraction
Multimedia Integration
pattern-matching
Raychaudhuri
interest,5,6
appropriate literature
effective
*Friedman
rules-based
correspond
well-performing
Novichkova
complexity
`Biochemistry
representation
marked-up
text-mining competition
unacceptable
CHALLENGES
computational
statistical
biomedical applications
interesting
probabilistic categorisation
estimating
distinguishing
biomedical
Srinivasin
successful rules-based
Continued
Significant
combination
Challenge
*Dobrokhotov
literature supporting
DAD-system
`Computational Linguistics
Narayanaswamy
`Associating
Rindflesch
classifier
biomedical literature
Subramanian
`Automatic scientific
independent
Organisation
co-occurrence
applicable
Biomedical
combining
laboratory
nonspecific relationships
additional analytical
corpus,19 precision
Vande-Linde
investigation
Probabilistic
functional relationships
architecture
protein­protein
numerical
dictionary
workflow
University
Kullback­Leibler
divergence
difficulty
complicated
inductive
Researchers
biological text-mining
interaction
September
determining
programming
phenotypic information
Biomedicine
researcher
literature-based
biolink2004/
specificity
`Textpresso
LocusLink
dysfunction
management
`Rutabaga
applications important
extracting relationships
Precision
molecular
Association
Gaizauskas
improving biomedical
measurable
`Terminology-driven
Dobrokhotov
`Effective
surrounding
magnesium
abstracts
inferring
addressing particular
addressing
BioCreative
cytoplasm
extraction concentrate
literatures'
statistically-based
assessing
interdisciplinary coordination
Development
`BioLINK
documents
F-measure
efficient
transcription
Hypothesis discovery
extracted
`literature-based scientific
knowledge extraction
biomedical researcher
performance
gene-based
biomedical abbreviations
*Gaizauskas
incidence
Generating
Agichtein44
significant
Databases
Biological
Hypothesis generation
surprising
thalidomide
protein-interaction
generalising
prevention
databases
incomplete
Demetriou
identifying abbreviation
Srinivasan
postdoctoral
copyright
cohesiveness
`Biomedical
International Conference
gene­gene
Nevertheless
morphological
Mammalian
Synchronized Multimedia
`Extracting synonymous
`Automatic extraction
regulatory relationship
cooccurrence
`Generating
Washington
predicted
tagging,11
Retrieval Conference
automatic
Krallinger
general-purpose text-mining
nomenclature/
sensitivity
connections
individual
usefulness
Performance
Swiss-Prot
situation
terminological knowledge
Halvorson
syntactic/semantic
Caenorhabditis
identification
cooperation
Hatzivassiloglou
`Literature-based discovery
explosive
attention
hypothesis
necessary pre-condition
connection
hand-tagged
PURPOSE
Statistical
contribution
expression
experimental
community
candidate documents
`Computer-assisted generation
processing INTRODUCTION
abbreviation extraction
Sternberg
tremendous
Processing
Epidemiology
Generating hypothesis
GAPSCORE system,18
annotators
published biomedical
corresponding definition
Categoriser
PubMatrix
precision
understand
Glenisson
appearance
empirical
evaluated
substantial
*Donaldson
phenotypic
Metathesaurus
discoveries
non-official
Furthermore
biomedical text-mining
full-length
Symposium
pathology
Assessment
regression
different
*Schwartz
difficult
development
particular text-mining
consistent evaluation
assignment
decision-making
pharmacological
recognising biological
biological databases
Choudhary
biological information
precision improvement
researchers
`Biocreative
`Generation
proximity
Workshop_BioCreative_04/handout/
biologist
alignment
bio-textmining
heuristic
candidate
biological substance
Knowledge Discovery
Medstract
Extracting biological
asymmetry prediction
approach,65
sequencing
information discovery
identifying
practical75
ontology-based information
information important
important connections
essential
therapeutic
beneficial
Extracting relationships
conditional
published articles60
information retrieval
Extraction
scientific discovery
recognition
`Bilateral asymmetry
Bhupatiraju
augmenting literature
Vijay-Shanker
biomedical information
connecting
eliminate
algorithmic
Practically
real-world
equivalent
available information
Proceedings
negatives
Typically
extension
independence assumption
text-mining
practical
Including
Biological Literature
recognizer
Donaldson
summarisation
communication
Information Extraction
`Combining
false-positive
Hirschman
Discovering
biomedical literature-KDD
intra-document
biomedicine
additional
subcellular
lexical-statistical
*Srinivasan
foreseeable
terminology extraction
`Evaluation
Annotated bibliography
Automated hypothesis
sophisticated
Hypotheses
Wedemeyer
information extraction
high-quality
lexicon-based
full-blown
fulllength
Recognising biological
Comparison
classifier-based
immediate practical
BACKGROUND
International
genomics/
Biomedical Perspective
incorrect
Francisco
discriminate
Daraselia
text-based information
application
annotator productivity
literature-based discovery
STEWART PUBLICATIONS
vocabulary
textmining
Profiling
functional coherence
structure
multi-word
algorithm
Drosophila
scientific literature
diagnosis
`FigSearch
asymptotic performance
