Feedforward
represent
computational analysis
Bioessays
feedback
`feedforward
hierarchy
deactivated
degradable
algorithm13
Microbiology
Shen-Orr1
Hopfield
computation
participate
standard average-linkage
cellular regulation
alternative
Molecular
clustering approach
feedforward
Foundation
metabolic19
knowledge
represent transcriptional
microarray
Jaakkola
similarity
Computational identification
`coherent
L-arabinose utilization
clusters
Emergence
Neidhart
Received
fluctuating
insensitive
overlapping regulation
combination
Savageau
different clustering
possible
Analysis
Simulation
Algorithms
Cellular
Salmonella
activation threshold
effector
incoherent
uncharacterized
Washington
stringent comparison
specific
sequence analysis
auto-regulatory
splitting distance18
single-input
biological
stationary
regulation networks
Statistics
financial
occurrence
metabolic
generating bipartite
`network
autoregulation
frequency
choosing
invaluable database
dynamics
Structures
recognition
`specific transcription
`AND-gate'-like
intracellular regulatory
multi-input
repression
arbitrary
iMrandij
Hartwell
Markov-chain algorithm21
overlapping interactions
specific transcription
approach
Escherichia
available
homology
transcriptional regulation
Transcriptional interaction
Thieffry
anaerobic metabolism
possibility
understanding
biosynthesis
large-scale organization
additional transcription
autoregulatory interactions
Published
regulatory
autorepression
detecting
Typically
interests statement
comparison
connectivity
Generation
determining
prokaryotic
specific promoter
`effector
extensive literature
randomized connectivity
Dynamics
expression
experimental
otherwise
established interactions
post-transcriptional
cell-cycle
corresponding randomized
long-lived
probability
Additional
effective
cis-regulatory elements
randomized networks
functional
Incoherent feedforward
randomized
meaningful combinatorial
Tavazoie
guideline
flagella
flagella biosynthesis
Davidson
combinatorial interactions
Exploring
computational elements
comparing
epigenesis
Collado-Vides
Mathematical analysis
transcriptional networks
`multi-input
biological networks7
1Department
different transcription
generating temporal
molecular
contiguous
Supplementary information
generating
different combination
corresponding
RegulonDB
subgraph
amino-acid biosynthesis
cascades3
Hengge-Aronis
Transcriptional feedback
overlapping
visualizing
Barabasi
Kauffman
transcription interactions
abundance
rejection
Consider
exponential
Characterization
circuits
autoregulatory
information processing
arabinose feedforward
considered
temporal expression
transcriptional interactions
Likewise
distribution
Hartemink
Different
jMrandij
Publishing
2Department
homogenous
Metabolic stability
`ANDgate'­like
disjoint
Regulation
Weizmann Institute
statistical significance
Perez-Rueda
activity
Acknowledgments
complete
Correspondence
information
different
Classification
transcription
Survival
combinatorial regulation
mechanism
negative/positive
specific functions
Shmoolik
additional transcriptional
activator
interpretable
Structure
simulation
transduction
multiple
assignment
transient activation
Markov-chain
collection
mathematical analysis
polymerase
important
allowing
significant
organization
nonmetric
best-characterized regulation
sigmoidal
structure
building
timescale
enumerating
algorithm
database
whenever
partition
graphical
complexity
identical regulation
Competing interests
shut-down
representation
Strogatz
