Australia
represent
evolutionary
structural simplicity
nonidentical
Industrial Research
stability
selection
evolvability
computation
fixed-goal evolution
intricate
Molecular
Workshop
previous
Supporting
conjunction
additional biological
implementation
interesting
switched
genotype­ phenotype
universal
Victoria
environment
Itzkovitz
Feed-forward
subgraph significance
extracellular
Takahashi
correspondence
possible nonmodular
Evolution
different circuits
International Conference
mitogen-activated
Electronic circuits
survival
Modularity
expectation
Chemotaxis
Algorithms
Nonmodular networks
difference
Automatic
synaptic
NOT-AND
selection pressure
adaptability
approach
Vasconcelos
Robotics
Washington
nonmodular architecture
ensemble
Connections
architecture
specific
bacterium Escherichia
Schlosser
preserve modularity
generations
successful experiments
Reusable Programs
Biological networks
six-input
sequence
generation
subproblems
nondirected
Ben-Jacob
Calabretta
approximation
feed-forward networks
Programming
possible combinations
choosing
replicated
stringent ensemble
Recognition
mutational probability
recognition
pronounced
biological networks
mutational
Caenorhabditis
Electronic Circuits
nonmodular structure
Magnetics
artificial
Comprehensive Foundation
Shen-Orr
fixed-goal
experiment
Artificial Evolution
landscape
possible connections
information-processing
modularly
Eisenbach
PHYSICS Biological
withinmodule
Adaptation
available
Evolutionary Artificial
Raichman
transduction networks
Circuits
respectively
single-node
possibility
difficulty
Proceedings
Optimization
4-pixel-wide
nonmodular networks
Spontaneous evolution
evolutionary experiment
Typically
chemotax
definition
Selection
division
September
standard evolutionary
modularity
Zarrinpar
Networks
Subgraphs
four-input
connection
Computer
transduction interaction
suggestion
human-engineered
Engineering Technical
Bioinformatics
computer evolution
computational
exclusive-or
probability
electronic engineering
multiple hypothesis
Discussion
randomized networks
Evolutionary Programming
mutations
Artificial
high-level
randomized
Statistics
Quagliarella
adaptation
Significance
generative
changing environment
abundant feedback
within-module
Commonwealth Scientific
additional
switches
comparing
Mitchell
Developmental Pathways
Automation
imposing
nonmodular solutions
threshold
independent experiments
evolutionary algorithm
structures
unchanged
fixed-goal solutions
represent biological
enforcement
direction
different combination
comparison
possible between-module
sufficient
Chklovskii
Automatic Discovery
2-pixel-high
Reconfigurable Hardware
Ayzenshtat
construction
feed-forward
computational evolution
Hopfield
Quantitative
Saldanha
separability
Princeton University
population
detection
Schaeffer
algorithm
circuits
electronic circuits
Vassilev
robustness
information processing
directionality
normalizing
Detection
Hartwell
decomposable
spontaneous evolution
distribution
Electronic
pattern-recognition
identical
Different
four-node subgraphs
NAND-gates
best-fitness circuits
Technical Conference
Introduction
iological
Furthermore
generating
crossover
regularity
Altenberg
Weizmann Institute
Hardware Evolution
laboratory
Thompson
signal-processing
evolvable circuits
Development
different
significant modularity
subgoals
Murakami
three-node subgraphs
transcription
Macmillan
generations resolution
Research Organization
comKashtan
time-dependent
Importantly
Cambridge
switching
difficult
development
simplicity
different subgraphs
Crossover probability
genotype­phenotype
assignment
Computers
problems
functions
electronic combinatorial
important
rationale
possible mechanism
evolvable solutions
three-output
supporting information
possible explanation
structure
Addison­Wesley
building
independently
maximizing
effective
different combinations
partition
biological evolution
correspond
Evolvable Hardware
Sunderland
biological information
Goldberg
fundamental
absolute significance
changing environments
understandable
duplication
different nonmodular
Michigan
transcription networks
