Hillegaart
mid-trial
Simplified cortico-basal
competitive
task-responsive population
perneuron
well-ingrained
Department
re-emphasized
Graybiel1
Supplementary Information
Psychology
Sejnowski
execution
different task-related
pseudo-colour
detectable task-related
proportion
environment
task-irrelevant
Cholinergic­ -Monoaminergic
Interactive
explore­exploit behaviour
correspondence
available
Cognitive
returning
evolution
Reinforcement
nearasymptotic
inhibition
non-taskresponsive
cue-responsive
Behavioral
Organization
sharpened
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
Acquisition
randomness
-Monoaminergic Interactions
Percentages
progression
colour-coded
reinforcement-based evaluation
biological
locomotion
associative
composite
predictive
representation
financial
withheld
variability
learning-related
conditional
headstage
selectivity
threshold
individual
non-task-responsive projection
nontask-responsive population
Performance
Supplementary
time-shift
per-neuron
processing12
Motivational
NATURE|Vol
experimentation
modulation
Restructuring
goal-reaching
Behavioural
reacquisition
consecutive acquisition
asymptote
choice-arm
University
behavioural performance
emphasized7
prediction
restructuring
behavioural procedure
subsequent extinction
time-frame
`non-task-responsive
dorsolateral
beginning
peri-event
sensorimotor cortico-basal
Cambridge
Prediction
candidate
Computational
determining
procedural behaviour
sharpening
regaining
real-time modulation
substantia
long-term
Laboratory
procedural
Technology
LETTERS modulation
expectancy
computational
projection
Plasticity
large-scale
Gazzaniga
Distributed
functional
appropriate
Dickinson
extinction
Accuracy
METHODS
Routtenberg
Composite
Trial-by-trial
Cortico-basal
Recordings
detectable
development
structure
Horizontal
Peri-event
reward-related
initiated
Pennsylvania
immediate
chocolate
instrumental
Well-isolated
interaction
Cortex-basal
per-trial
Djurfeldt
percentage
population
cerebellum
Acknowledgements
Metalearning
de-emphasized
different
recording
information
Investigation
exploration
Physiological
behaviour characteristic
demonstrate
distribution
task-responsive projection
non-task-responsive
strengthening
Publishing
2Department
Introduction
progressive concentration
Information Processing
extensive repetition
attractor
Conditioned Reflexes
Neurocomputing
sensorimotor
taskirrelevant
reappearance
Correspondence
exploitation
Significant correlation
LETTERS
Neuralynx
day-by-day
task-related
mechanism
successful
ganglia-forebrain
patterning
widespread
Olveczky
Task-related
significant correlation
phasic-response
Shepherd
Institute
cortico-basal
Reinforcing
trial-and-error
over-training
`exploitation
Connolly
`exploration
taskresponsive projection
significant
successive
neocortex
learning-related reduction
successive acquisition
conditional reward-based
Massachusetts Institute
occurrence
pre-training
trial-to-trial
reorganization
Mid-trial
procedural performance
Principles
Touretzky
goal-directed
fundamental
correlation
pre-trial
redistribution
Contributions
