Noordhout
Electromyographic
Department
Miyashita
Learning-dependent
physiological
Gesierich
technique
Mechanisms
Manganotti
presentation
corticospinal
orthogonal
Cognition
activation
unfamiliar
abduction
difference
Experimental
neurological
mirror-neuron
Behavioral/Systems/Cognitive
transmission
Mazziotta
observational practicetoward
build-up
three-dimensional
consistent
repetitive
understanding
Kleiner-Fisman
Castiello
Baldissera
MEPantagonist
canonical
type-by-time
established
experiment
adduction
imitation-based
alertness
respectively
Skovlunde
perpendicular
relaxation
two-tailed
eliciting
two-dimensional accelerometer
Wuerzburg
eventrelated
rehabilitative
examining
regardless
Berardelli
baseline-normalized percentage
CurranEverett
Therefore
ObsPractopposite conditions
Petrosini
collection-analysis
handedness
comparing
Neuroscience
assessment
Sawaki,1
Curran-Everett
instrumental
2Laboratory
practicing
Two-tailed
action-by-training
following
TMS-evoked
suprathreshold
intervention-dependent
Mandolesi
imitation
first-peak acceleration
information
Activation
Attention
occipital
ObsPractopposite ObsPracttowards
ObsPractopposite condition
Dimitrijevic
Barthelemy
representations
horizontal
effective
recombination
complexity
experimental conditions
elementary movements
representation
intriguing possibility
discussion
Humphreys
stability
statistical
responsive
Modulated activation
training-dependent directional
PhysPract
probability
directional
production
unidirectional stereotyped
Tuszynski
Kirveskari
MEPantagonist amplitude
Presumably
identified
magnitude
physiological component
generation
frequency
hemispheric
laboratory
Observation-induced
Phase-specific modulation
Neuropsychologia
perception
Observation
practice-induced elementary
University
Nishitani
According
possibility
Gangitano
figure-eight-shaped
beginning
Counterpoint electromyograph
Ungerleider
interaction
Kennewick
Namasivayam
Involvement
consequence
facilitate
Copyright
Brasil-Neto
specificity
facilitation
Electroencephalogr
Localization
stimulation
Determination
percentage
Physiology
Neurological Disorders
extrinsic coordinate
Butefisch
requisite
MEPagonist/
population
Molnar-Szakacs
excitability
normalizing
recording
determined
References
acquisition
first-peak
Facilitation
motivation
Plasticity
unchanged
extremity movements
substantial
acceleration
Independent
involuntary movements
exploratory
prehensile
conscious cognitive
mechanism
MEPagonist amplitude
Pascual-Leone
Hertie-Foundation
performance
Observing
Observation-based
observational practiceopposite
Practicing
abduction/adduction
significant
organization
mechanical environment
Functional reorganization
Naturforscher LEOPOLDINA
observation
Institutional
Instruments
astonishing
Introduction Although
Mazzocchio
Non-invasive electrical
Jarvelainen
right-handed
Neurophysiol
principal
Conceivably
magnetoelectric stimulator
Bekkering
ambiguity
Culberson
forebrain cholinergic
neuroimaging
use-dependent plasticity
congruent
antagonist
infrequent
PhysPract ObsPractopposite
sensitivity
movements determined
intensity
individual
Alertness
collinear
voluntary
plasticity
distractor
reproducible
conditions
discovery
comparable
hypothesis
delivering
acquiring
sensitive
First-peak acceleration
identifying training-dependent
Discussion
kinematic
facilitation following
observation-induced plasticity
correction
behavioral performance
generating
sufficient
voluntary movements
determination
extension/flexion
extension movements
Strafella
procedure
Stroke­National
orientation
Ungerleider,2
Furthermore
Stefan,1,3
Mechanism
Craighero
MEPagonist
neuromagnetic
movements
Correspondence
different
PTTZ_after
indistinguishable
Importantly
Alternatively
prerequisite
independent
Institute
necessary somatosensory
Katayama
ObsPracttoward
Intramural
reversible inactivation
important physiological
experimental
Psychophysiol
time-by-training
Acceleration
paired-pulse transcranial
intransitive movements
Kinematic
Similarly
Mazzocchio,1
modifiable
behavioural
Laboratory
Modulation
Kirkwood
Visuomotor
Background
involuntary
Observation-execution
Behavioral
execution
prominent
necessary
cognitive
corticomuscular excitability
Influence
comparability
Josef-Schneider
transcranial
Corticomuscular
arbitrary
beneficial
Jeannerod
conditional
Functional
ANOVARM
TMSevoked movements
recognition
nonself-action
Edinburgh
Godschalk
light-emitting
condition PhysPract
conservative
interosseous
Practiced
Wurzburg
agreement
Rizzolatti
Perruchet
Neurophysiological
accelerometer
extension
simulation
point-light
NeuroReport
Health­NIH
Observational
computational
NTTZ/Ntotal
communication
preliminary
infrequent movements
appropriate
involvement
TMS-evoked movements
intervention
additional
Directions
conceivable
subjective
Projection
Extrastriate
Neurology
neurophysiological
Intervention
computing
influence
Instrument
Cammarota
Avikainen
custom-built magnetoelectric
assessing
rostroventral
repetitive performance
BMBF-LPD
observation-induced activation
peripheral somatosensory
Cavallari
observation-induced
NeuroImage
directional consistency
attentional
Schurmann
discharge
structure
Packowski
