evolutionary
feedback
diffusible
homogeneity
multicellular
chemotaxis conditions
behavioural
Non-methylated receptors
bacterial signalling
Supplementary Information
Eisenbach
receptor-associated
phosphotransfer
isopropyl
physiological
polycistronic messenger
proportion
topological
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
environment
Correspondence
phosphorylated receptors
stochastic
analogous
Acknowledgements
methylated receptors
quantitative understanding
Simulated
identical
cheY­eyfp
Furthermore
flagellar
Temperature-induced switching
activation
degradation
population therefore
sensitivity
phosphodonor
bacterial flagellar
LETTERS Reflecting
Schulmeister
steepness
intracellular perturbations
uncorrelated variations
Intrinsic
differential
Functional
phosphorylation
Escherichia
dynamical behaviour
arbitrary
Neuenheimer
dominating
stationary
essential
co-variation
adaptation
mathematical
coefficient
ribosome-binding
CellQuest
hypothetical chemotaxis
mathematical modelling
robustness
consistent
generation timescale
wild-type chemotaxis
Clockwise
Engineering stability
derivative
intensity
individual
morphogen
concerted variations
invariant
phosphoacceptor
uncorrelated
recognition
regulator
different phosphorylation
CheY­YFP expression
NATURE|Vol
-inducible
intrinsic robustness
optimization
Optimality
phosphatase
chemotactic behaviour
compensatory mechanism
model-based
conditions
intercellular variations
chemotaxis-driven spreading
clustering
processing
attractant
Michaelis­Menten
University
adaptation3,4
expansion
behaviour
Hamamatsu
selective
near-perfect
demonstrate
stochasticity
fluorescent
logarithmic
comparison
CheY­CheZ feedback
coverslip
Michaelis­
autophosphorylation
September
chemotactic
cytosolic chemotaxis
eukaryotic
asymmetric distribution
Quantification
Applichem
Universitat
consequence
transcription inhibitor
contribution
financial
expression
Intercellular variations
experimental
Gillespie
post-transcriptional
cheA­ecfp
probability
receptors
Bechinger
two-state
independent variations
chemotactic signalling
established chemotaxis
translational
wild-type
Dahlquist
Fluctuations
clockwise
Panasonic AG-DV1DC
bacterial chemotaxis
manuscript
Diversity
additional
Localization
equivalent
extrinsic
available
Timmer1,3
construct
comparing
regulation
Concerted overexpression
methylesterase
non-essential
Drosophila embryonic
theoretical
homologous recombination
significant co-variation
Kollmann1
deterministic description
imperfect
phosphorylation feedback
continuous
chromosomal
chemotatic efficiency
chemotaxis efficiency
determination
particular
METHODS Bacterial
Concerted variations
Expression
single-cell
population
Rosenfeld
substituting auto-dephosphorylation
fluorescence microscope
methylation
phosphorylated
Supplementary
technical
phosphate
amplitude
different chemotaxis
biochemical
monitoring
Panasonic
chemotatic performance
transcriptional
Publishing
Topologies
universal
reduction
one-third
Correlation
-thiogalactoside
Regulation
undergone evolution
Morton-Firth
Stochastic
input­output characteristics
corresponding
concentration
chemotactic performance
Heidelberg
chromosome
transduction
information
overexpressing
LETTERS
Description
transcription
cytometry
Visometrics
Chemotaxis efficiency
Efficient attenuation
simultaneous upregulation
different hypothetical
CheZ­CFP
impairment
conclusion
development
independent
Therefore
developmental
dephosphorylation
bacterial chemosensory
CheY­YFP
Robustness
extending
steady-state
anti-sigma
Biological
invariance
concentrations
structure
chemoeffector
observation
fluorescence
wild-type concentration
CheA­CFP
methyltransferase
Multi-stage regulation
covarying
components
correlation
ultrasensitive bacterial
Bartholome1
Contributions
superscript
