4Department
distinguish implementation
executing
graphical interface
bioperl-l
Department
documentaretrieve
Graphical
Boulez,3
Standard
environment
glyph-based architecture
Additionally
Open-Source Initiative­Open-Source
deprecation
advantage
anonymous
Fuellen,7
BSML­Bioinformatic
considerable inefficiency
Vlissides
applicable
Wilkinson,2
biological
Lehvaslaiho
LargePrimarySeq
Schattner,15
occurrence
Radiation
download
umbrella
Schattner
strucModules Description
specification
relational
databank
Supplemental
supporting
entry-level
bibliographic
Documentation
RichSeqI
separation
Published
consideration
commercial bioinformatics
technical
Biopython
Rendering
language-independent
opensource methodology
implement
extensive enterprise-level
Richmond
easy-to-use
Corresponding
CORBA/IIOP
Lehvaslaiho,11
Input/Output
most-commonly
Block,2,18
Nucleotide
successful
CLUSTAL
Extensible
excellent
Similarity
Computational framework
Birney11 University
Initiative
following
Throughout
iterative
Stifterverband
non-open-source
Object-oriented programming
Thompson
PSI-BLAST
programming interface
information
respective
inheritance
discussion
extensive documentation
input/output
NCBI-specific operating
SeqFeature hierarchy
administrator
open-source collaboration
Flat-file
Saskatoon
well-formed embedmat
horizontal
nonprofit
ClustalW
Vaysseix
acknowledged
Informatics Technology
specifying
position-specific
representation
version-specific
operations
hierarchy
Microsystems
SeqFeatureI
XML-based
interpreter
Bioso-called
developer
similarity information
acknowledge
Interoperability Sometimes
productive mechanism
drawback
particular implementation
comprehensive documentation
forinclude
framework
L'Institut
association
Emmanuel
backward compatibility
references
Biomolecular
SearchIO
T-coffee
Anopheles
international open-source
separating
programmer
analysis components
uk/novella
7Integrated Functional
musculus
Stein,16
Emeryville
pharmaceutical
Interoperation
standard
­Bibliographic
Architecture
2National
Elofsson
LargeSeq
Cambridge
bibliographic retrieval
GenBank/EMBL entry-based
Contributors
operation next_seq
interactive sequence-rendering
Phylogenetic
modularity
SYNOPSIS
interactive graphical
different programming
simplified
illustrating
publication
annotation
Downloaded
Chervitz,5
molecular
structures
Association
Outstation­European Bioinformatics
Improved
Language
immediate
analysequence
Lijnzaad
institution
VisiBroker
accordance
Wissenschaft
Information
motivation
generation
bioinformatics community
Waterston
read/write cross-platform
efficient
bioinformatics application
responsible
mechanism
Dagdigian,6
potential
object-oriented programming
BioCORBA
Bioinformatics Foundation
Altschul
Stajich,1,18,19
EnsEMBL
Biological
openBQS/
so-called
Computational analysis
retrieval
principle
GAME­Genome Annotation
Pocock,8
accession
consistent programming
Wilkinson
Biotechnology Information
documentaBio
T-Coffee
invocation
Matsalla,12
pair-wise alignment
Biotechnology Institute
HitsToSave
chronological
progressive
functional C-language-based
architecture
Senger,11
cross-species alignment
Distributed Annotation
community approach
sensitivity
individual
migration
Brenner,4
emulating
Accessing
different analysis
object-oriented methodology
Felsenstein
discovery
available
stagnation
component
complement
Programming
Macintosh
FeaturePair
Laboratory
expression
otherwise
operatture information
initiative
sequences
Bioinformatics Institute
Rodriguez-Tome
application programmer
tremendous
UNIX-like operating
Miscellaneous analysis
transcription
mentation
California
prototype
graphical
Tremblay
High-scoring
RESULTS
Supplementary
invoking
enterprise-level application
Somerville
unsatisfactory
Additional
Furthermore
OBDA-compliant
comparative
Lehväslaiho
technology
regression
different
radiation
Variation
simplified interface
enterprise-level
development
SimpleAlign
component development
17Institute
comprehensive
commercial
advertisement
Open-source development
polymorphism
Washington University
academic
extensible
components
consistency
variation elucidation
Phylogeny Inference
Tatusova
particular laboratory
network-based analysis
well-established methodology
valuable
bandwidth
Drosophila melanogastor
day-to-day
Molecular
alphabetical
aggregator
governmental
Although
Mungall,13
life-science
Annotation
Java-based biological
Agri-Food
Stupka,17
Providing interoperability
Missouri
sequencing
PrimarySeq
advanced
necessary
specific
-object-oriented
alignments
Management
programming methodology
PrimarySeqI
cross-platform compatibility
hierarchy implement
Application
Notredame
Singapore
integration
contributing
connecting
Massachusetts
scientific
equivalent
processing
Wasserman
Promotion
Microsoft
compatible
SwissProt
Descriptions
open-source development
haplotype
commitment
intellectual
appropriate
REFERENCES
contributor
tag/value
SeqFeature Annotations
Development Methodology
11European Bioinformatics
Gilbert,8
well-established principles
Dagdigian
compliant
SimilarityPair
12Agriculture
Schaffer
bioinformatics laboratory
applying
widespread popularadd
Engineering
Redaschi
extensive interaction
contributors
Retrieving
contribute
languageindependent relational
DISCUSSION Open-source
organizational
physical
Bibliographic
personnel
interested
functionality
Improving
briggsae
VSNS-BCD BioComputing
Structure
Matsalla
Takifugu
collaborative
9Department
comprehensive regression
structure
building
BioWidgets
Drosophila
WUBLAST
Prediction
HG00739
Seqdifferent
