Biological Complexity
Advancement
remarkable
Deterministic
Imbalance
amplification
Mechanisms
environment
stochastic
mainstream
Biocomputing
replication
150,000-count
Presumably
open-source
cascading
accumulation
orderdisorder
revolution
wellknown elementary
Fortunately
consistent
fragility
steadystate
attributable
Dynamical
organisms
specification
experiment
engineering complexity
heterotrimeric
Escherichia
paradoxical
multilayer robustness
component
understanding
refinement
protection
congestion
Bioengineering
earthquake
conserved protocols
identifiable
Communication
elaborate
experience
Intuitively
maneuverability
implement
Pressure-induced distortion
integrator
Distributed
Therefore
4Institute
first-order differential
Mitchison
large-scale perturbation
Foundations
themselves
theoretical
fine-tuned
robustness tradeoffs
Dependency
feedback-regulated
Addison-Wesley
regulatory complexity
Fragility
suggestive
following
sinusoidal
closedloop
Immunosuppression
necessary interplay
collision
transduction
information
discussion
controlled environment
hypothetical protocols
oscillatory
abstraction
ubiquitous
Robustness
Mycoplasma genitalium
polymerase
El-Samad
cis-regulatory
Schilstra,2
inconceivable
capitalize
constants
deleterious laboratory
Whitfield
Autoimmune
dynamical
effective
vertebrate hindbrain
facilitate
correspond
McClay,5
complexity
fundamental
Gillespie
Redundancy
performing robustness-fragility
amplifying
Calestani,1 Chiou-Hwa
indistinguishable
evolvability
cardiovascular
Zoologica
Scientific
Anesthesiology
production
compelling
correspondence
combination
developmental biological
BIOLOGY
Simulation
Realistic
Khammash
structural
software-intensive
cell-mediated activation
magnitude
biological regulatory
Agriculture
Developmental
postgenomic
Systems-level Departments
low-frequency robustness
histocompatibility
motorized
entertainment
Superficially minuscule
open-loop hypersensitivity
interactions
University
divergence
possibility
cirrhosis
collection
attendant
Additional information
definition
Cambridge
determining
inexpensive
modularity
signature
consequence
autocatalysis
high-resolution
Copyright
Administration
preservation
Dickinson
traditional molecular
impossible
Theoretical
temperature
Commercial
Downloaded
regulation
assumption
Regulatory
molecular
Association
component variations
elaboration
practical application
inequality constraint
Kirschner
versatility
brute-force computational
References
multicellular organisms
historical
metaphorical application
Elementary
catastrophic cascading
Arenas-Mena,1
Information
increment
Development
exploratory
efficient
transcription
mechanism
interconnection
performance
idealized laboratory
homeostatic regulation
intracellular biochemical
steady-state
preliminary
nucleotide
conspicuous
laboratory viability
surprising
popularity
Amplifier
Convergent
Levchenko
clinician
Chromosome
impression
atmosphere
evolutionary
artificial
subsidiary
interpretation
causality
parameters
Protocols facilitate
appreciated
fragilities
Optimality
Protocols
viewpoint
permission
Nevertheless
Controllers
circulation
parasitic
Washington
system-level
architecture
Mindstorms
discovery
reference
catastrophic
California Institute
transition
individual
additional protocols
successive
protocol­ compatible
Biologists
middle-out
identification
conceptual
avoidance
Dimensional
transcription-translation
available
infrastructure
responses
complementary
Mushegian
confusion
complement
efficiency
distinguish
attractive ecosystem
discipline fragmentation
evolvable
Stability
Appropriate
transplantation
Cybernetics
corresponding mathematical
particular signal-transduction
expression
otherwise
large-scale
controller parameters
inaccurate
adaptation
expensive
arbitrary variations
neurogenesis
Convergent Evolution
Lauffenburger
high-gain amplifier
trademark
prototype
sufficient
systems-level organization
Revilla,1
controller
optimality
nonconstant
irrelevant
extensive
protocols
Workbench
Motorizing
Minokawa,1
Bertalanffy
Supported
Ransick,1
Furthermore
Symposium
technology
Polypharmacy
Unfortunately
uncertain-
different
immunosuppression
variations
connection
uncertainty
modification
arbitrary parameters
difficult
biological complexity
independent
self-reactive
unpredictable interactions
Cameron,1
necessity
compendium
additional fragility
framework
obstacles
Experiments
components
Relatively
Similarly
exaggerating
biologist
disturbance
microtubule
high-gain components
technological
Injection
different terminology
Hertfordshire
fly-bywire
Successful protocols
Modularity
collision-avoiding
bilaterian
reusability
collective
informative
Electrical Engineering
extraordinary robustness
therapeutic
accessible
minuscule autoimmune
metabolic
Allometric
phenomena
org/cgi/content/full/295/5560/1664/DC1
fragility constraint
different robustness
supportive
transport
developmental
Oliveri,1
Profiling
Singapore
everything
inequality
periphery
Technology Corporation
wellestablished
scientific
malfunctioning
SCIENCE
equivalent
free-living
Mathematical
simulation-based screening
constraint
Lego-compatible
simulation
practical
different subsystem
theoretical prediction
communication
Prentice-Hall
functional
Transduction Knowledge
specificity
pharmaceutical
controller/sensor
intrinsic
allometric
approximate
conservation
development
Signaling
considerable interindividual
Knowledge Environment
Buckinghamshire
sophisticated
hierarchical
particular characteristics
convergence
Biochemical
technologies
intuitive
instructive
dangerous
robustness
Engineering
frequency
heterogeneous
5Department
autoimmune
Cambridgeshire
Introduction
universal
influence
convergent
engineering
billion-dollar
biochemistry
occasional
application
Steady-state
accidental
protocols facilitate
elaborate protocols
Melbourne
closed-loop robustness
important
structure
Drosophila
incomplete
angiogenesis
scalemodel
