irradiance
represent
two-dimensional
similarity
history-dependent
desirable
spike-triggered
quadrature
luminance
electrical responses
Blakemore
contributions
reluctant
responsiveness
McLaughlin
amplification
physiological
Expression
Chichilnisky
Elaborations
Simoncelli
spatiotemporal structure
capturing
generation mechanisms
presentation
different neurophysiological
advantage
orthogonal
Ramcharan
sensitivity regulation
explainable correlation
orientations
peripheral
half-squaring
additional fundamental
difference
Experimental
corticocortical communication
Evaluating
transmission
Independence
electrophysiology
convenience
circuitry
arbitrary combination
perceptual
inspection
cross-correlate
nonlinear mechanisms
Oftentimes
Nonlinear
receptivefield parameters
Fortunately
receptive-field organization
consistent
prediction
higher-order
perspective
Nakayama
nonlinear receptive
attributable
depression
Responses
specification
experiment
excitatory
dynamical nonlinear
reconstruction
successful functional
Additional investigation
biological mechanism
processing
editorial
presynaptic
component
Departments
understanding
neurophysiological mechanism
selective
Gazzaniga
orientation selectivity
reverse-correlation procedure
Carandini
white-noise
naturalistic
Computational
distinctness
technical
appropriate predictive
spike-triggered averaging
ineffective
procedure
published
inseparable receptive
eigenvectors identified
Technology
half-squared
regardless
projection
classification
problematic
inhibitory phenomena
spatiotemporal receptive
functional characterization
photoreception
functional organization
summation
illumination
Evaluation
orientation
biophysical
simple-cell receptive
consumption
Efficiency
likelihood
predictions
Quantifying variability
predictability
comparing
Ophthalmology
Adaptation
Neuroscience
theoretical
contrast­response functions
significant eigenvectors
established quantitative
schematic
neurophysiology
Stimulus optimization
Receptive-field structure
interaction
normalized
particular
coextensive
first-order
extracellular recording
Two-dimensional
Characterization
challenge
information processing
mammalian
Extraclassical receptive
linearized reverse-correlation
combinatorial explosion
determining
spontaneous
sinusoidal
natural-looking
decorrelation
dichoptic mechanisms
weighting
rescaling
interneurons
overfitting
information
regularization
straightforward
discussion
dependent
antidromic stimulation
Significant
symposium
widespread
Normalization
EnrothCugell
simplicity
description
half-wave rectifying
Fitzpatrick
additional nonlinear
likelihood estimation
complexcell receptive
orientation-spatial frequency
horizontal
meaningful
Carterette
effective
receptive-field structure
luminance modulation
complexity
experimental conditions
negligible
representation
bright-dark
contrastresponse
phase-separated
understand computation
interpretation
feedback
nonlinear transformation
nonparametric
integrate-and-fire
transmission efficiency
experiments
existence
Enroth-Cugell
Fitzhugh
Triggered
informative dimensions
correlate
Smith-Kettlewell
Orientation selectivity
conveying
rectification
mini-symposium
push­pull
combination
Einhauser
Receptive
salamander
cross-validation procedure
framework
regularization procedure
formidable challenge
continuum
identified
realistic
magnitude
thalamocortical
reasonable
phase-invariant complex-cell
Developmental
Timecourse
dichotomy
generation
Jagadeesh
thorough understanding
circadian
constitute
frequency
Passaglia
irritation
Gauselman
laboratory
nonlinearities
Crossorientation suppression
important nonlinear
Higher-order
different predictions
Maintained
meaningful comparison
nonlinear transducer
Neuroscience Institute
Lorenceau
Discharge
evaluation
single-unit
magnocellular
Hochstein
perception
top-down information
second-order Volterra/Wiener
University
According
Tsherbach
receptive-field modulation
approaches
threedimensional
complicated
disposition
Correlation
nonlinear properties
center­surround organization
beginning
information transmission
definition
Cambridge
Spatially
measurement variability
Spectral-temporal receptive
binocular interaction
spatial-frequency
efficient framework
invitation
time-varying
responses independent
Copyright
Eggermont
strategic
simple-cell receptive-field
quadratic nonlinearity
Intracortical
impossible
Tolhurst,3
facilitation
bottom-up
hyperbolic
Pattern-specific attentional
recruiting
Precision
stimulation
Ecological
intermediate
statement
Y/magnocellular
neurotransmitter
anesthetized
Physiology
exploring
relationship
explanation
frequency-selective
assumption
parvocellular
predictable
predicting responses
second-order mechanisms
percentage
population
structural constraint
photoreceptor
nonlinear contributions
Zaghloul
straightforward receptive-field
Receptive-field
depolarization
intensities
amplitude
rationalization
modulatory
interactive
contrast-normalization
Traditionally
Mini-Symposium
Benardete
fluctuation
correction
conventional
higher-level
geniculate
prevalent root-mean-square
Goal-related
naturalistic experimental
functional architecture
Optometry
correlation coefficient
convenient
digitized photograph
substantial excitation
sensitiviy
Predicting responses
objective
performance
measuring complex-cell
OFF-center
contextual modulation
nonlinear functional
integration properties
unanticipated influence
brisk-transient
incomplete reflection
extrastriate
overestimation
additional excitatory
simple-cell summation
nonlinearity
Melanopsin-expressing
attentional modulation
Obtaining
Inclusion
Volterra/Wiener regression
principle
complex-cell
prevalent luminance
nonlinear stimulus­response
threshold nonlinearity
closed-loop
phenomenon
one-dimensional
correlation procedure
directional selectivity
linearized spatiotemporal
intrinsic variability
Background
threshold
Half-squaring
Contrast­response functions
Inhibitory
resemblance
knowledge
parameters
proportion
Hodgkin-Huxley equations
linear­nonlinear­Poisson
Fiorentini
sensitivities
ommatidia
photoreceptors
antagonism
Nevertheless
hypothesizing
Vorobyov
Organization
first-stage
evolution
substrate
rectifying nonlinearity
Searching
Efficient
architecture
adherence
monochromatic
predictive
multiplying
explainable responses
intrinsic photosensitivity
sensitivity
California Institute
Spike-triggered
intensity
different mechanisms
Handbook
spatiotemporal summation
nonlinear phenomena
Performance
intensive representation
Olshausen,6
nonspecific suppression
integrated responses
nonPoisson
inhibitory
subsequent
random-bar
artificial
Neurophysiol
Hierarchical
identification
Preliminary
affecting
invariant
suppressive eigenvectors
conditions
ensembles
discovery
available
variability
responses
Determining
second-order
conditions approximating
hypothesis
full-field
quantitatively predicting
neuroanatomy
information maximization
Filtering
stochastic integrate-and-fire
tractable
influential
postulate
sensitive
connection
subthreshold
Marmarelis
contribution
Neurocomputing
experimental
collecting
sigmoidal
characterization
advancement
short-term adaptation
movement-sensitive
adaptation
sequences
anatomical mechanisms
understanding complex-cell
Conclusion
considering
complication
intracellular
Functional circuitry
Real-time performance
Steveninck
reduction
contrast­response
California
Segregation
Comparison
determinant
diversity
precision
understand
nonclassical receptive
conception
originate
appearance
refractory
classical receptive
evaluating
promising
Shapstrong
characterizing
Additional
Nonetheless
determination
Furthermore
Surprisingly
optimistic
movements
Correspondence
different
Understanding
simple-cell definition
Different mechanisms
Importantly
nonclassical modulation
Suppression
modification
Processing
3Department
Recovering
difficult
breakdown
independent
literature
high-frequency
Institute
DeAngelis
spike-triggered covariance
continuous subthreshold
experimenter
spatiotemporal phase-separated
supposing
invariance
normalization
naturalistic free-viewing
Luminance
visualization procedure
sparseness
Geniculate
Spatiotemporal receptive
efficient
consistency
center­surround receptive
parametric
dimension
Nonspecific suppression
Tranchina
frequency responses
Conclusions
push­pull inhibition
proximity
significant eigenvector
direction-selective
bandwidth
Reconstruction
inference
alternative
Molecular
Obermeyer
low-level
successful quantitative
feedforward
Przybyszewski
interocular suppression
timescale
generator
Extending
particular orientation
phase-sensitive responses
attractive
Although
Smirnakis
transformation
Eigenvectors
lower-level
saturation
increased
secondorder
preexisting
frequency selectivity
four-part definition
inhibition
second-order polynomial
background
nonoptimal
Simple-cell receptive
prominent
Spatiotemporal
necessary
cognitive
hyperpolarization
qualitative
identifying
sine-wave
arbitrary
invaluable
explainable
stationary
essential
satisfactory
Theunissen
classical
illustrious precedent
Olshavsen
orientation-selective
Functional
selectivity
Application
Mukherjee
development
4Molecular
dimensions
Relationship
integration
instantaneous
physiology
regression procedure
psychophysical experiments
phase-invariance nonlinearity
Contextual
Sejnowski
conference
complex-cell receptive
inaccurate
predicting
agreement
postnatal
Neurophysiological
approximating
Typically
properties
Characterizing
comparison
mechanism intrinsic
extension
nonclassical receptive-field
contrast-dependent
Estimating spatio-temporal
instantaneous nonlinear
Directional selectivity
misleading
Analyzing
Neurobiol
quantitative predictions
Gillespie
computational
significant
trast­response functions
Intracellular
functional
excitatory eigenvectors
neuroscience
proportional
integrateand-fire-or-burst
Increasing
koniocellular
extraction
systematic variability
twodimensional
transform
pseudorandom spatiotemporal
Spatiotemporal organization
phase-independent responses
nonlinear summation
perceptual adaptation
unresponsive
insensitivity
functional properties
Interestingly
Olshausen
sophisticated
idealized
expansive nonlinearity
Prickaerts
convolving
convergence
additional understanding
Contribution
subcortical
surprising
minisymposium
receptive
spatiotemporal-chromatic
exploration
tractable description
linear­nonlinear
microelectrode
heterogeneous
nonlinear represent
distribution
Olveczky
computing
quantitative approaches
universal
influence
one-third
half-wave rectification
accounting
neurophysiological experiments
functions
Francisco
calibration
Derrington
inactivation
important consideration
application
interested
two-stage
non-Poisson
least-square
arithmetic
explaining
perpendicular
excitation
X/parvocellular
Summation
veritical
References
discharge
Gallant,5,6
spatio-temporal receptive
individual
algorithm
Prediction
Quantitative
Sunderland
presenting
Interdependence
inaccuracy
O'Connor
validation
proximate
