exclusive
hygromycin-B
interpretation
remarkable
similarity
endoplasmic reticulum
jjj¼bait
cap-binding
Metabolic
Decapping
stability
sequencing
response32
frequency
Edelmann1
purifications
alternative complexes
Molecular
Supplementary Information
core­module cross-talk
individual integrative
homotypic
knowledge
propensity
physiological
phenotypic signature
large-scale
proportion
MIPS/SGD
a-ketoglutarate dehydrogenase
environment
false-positive/
Omnipotent metabolic
sequential
Marzioch1
palmitoyltransferase
heterogeneity
Discussion
complex41
cytoplasmic messenger
saturation
rapamycin
Meyerhofstrasse
combination
Systematic interpretation
Nevertheless
Correspondence
hydroxyurea
Modularity
degradation
inclusion
replication
biochemical properties
Structure-based
Izaurralde
macromolecular
Elucidation
multidimensional
intersection
association
structural
socio-affinity
determined eukaryotic
sporulation
necessary
progression
Systematic identification
Q/t-SNARE
ARTICLES NATURE|Vol
six-transmembrane-segment
identified
phosphorylation
Escherichia
repeat-containing
arbitrary
prokaryotic sequences
biological
co-localized
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
inspection
Sensitivity
terminology
core­module interactions
accessible
predictive
Subramanian
co-purify
financial
TAP-fusion
Euroscarf
supporting
generation
peripheral
receptor-coupled
architectural
lipoamide dehydrogenase
Comparison
exclusive cap-binding
approximation
individual
non-stoichiometric
authenticity
Percentage
ring-like
tandem-affinity-purification
14-3-3-binding
transport
small-scale
established
Interactions
functional similarity
Attachments
assistance
localization
integration
thickness
reminiscent
Complexes
Malgorzata Schelder1
subcellular localizations
re-evaluation
protein­protein interactions
chaperonin-containing
available
`socio-affinity
near-physiological
accuracy/
re-engineer
database22
interactions
respectively
evidence25
reflection
component
Weisbrodt
biosynthesis
Extrapolation
de-adenylation-dependent
Architecture
TAP-tagged
Published
regulatory
combinatorial
transduction
preventative
dissociation
pair-wise
definition
galactose
interaction
palmitoyl transferase
Large-scale
Biological processes
heat-induced
functional annotation
prokaryotic
de-adenylated
upper-diagonal
METHODS Experimental
Artavanis-Tsakonas
purification procedure
Functional organization
homologous
expression
cytoplasmic
well-studied
cap-dependent translation
two-hybrid studies12,13
characterization
orientation
amphiphysin-like
functional
comprehensive
appropriate
Bouwmeester
de-capping
Therefore
Anne-Claude
energy-driven conformational
proportional
centrality
three-dimensional
clustering
Superti-Furga1,4
Interaction
synthetic-biology
subcellular
Lauffenburger
metabolic
co-regulated
regulation
`guilt-by-association
protein-complex architecture
dispersion
duplicate
production
Oppenheim
cerevisiae RNA-binding
reproducibility
subsequent
percentage
molecular
microarray
consistent
synthesis
Genome-wide characterization
Definition
pleiotropy
gene-to-phenotype
phenotypes38
twohybrid
post-translational
Information Purification
components/total
individual complexes
interaction verification
McKendrick
parts-list
incorporation
systematic
particular
proliferation
cytoplasmic processing
Sec1/Munc18
exonuclease
evolutionary conservation
abundance
different protein-complex
polypeptide
14-3-3-affinity purification
cross-talk
modulation
socioaffinity
challenge
phylogenetic conservation
genome-scale
metabolism
information
experimental stringency
exploration
phenotypic
proteome-scale
spectrometry
Socio-affinity
transcriptional
Publishing
processing
additional biological
Dumpelfeld1
modularity
diversification
complexes22
biogenesis
anti-fungal
Neubauer1
organizational
dehydrogenase complexes
nucleotide
Frequency
Heidelberg
definitive
complexes components
Ghaemmaghami
different
redundancy
Conformational
Bouwmeester1
translation initiation
efficient
transcription
attribute
Krause1,3
mechanism
University
Lazarettgasse
eukaryotic translation
functionality
capbinding
significant
Tandem-affinity purification
genome-wide
different conditions38,39
composition
interactions26
literature
Lichtenberg
components
high-frequency
Similarly
assignment
promiscuous
correlation
Analyzing
Acknowledgements
collection
complexes
Lcb1­Lcb2
molecular complexes
cycloheximide
Phenotypic
comparison
organization structure
structure
protein-complex
Similarities
ARTICLES
Bioinformatics
Schumannstrasse
orthologous
Anne-Marie
purification
dehydrogenase complexes43
additional attachment
raffinose
principle
fundamental
Marie-Anne
chaperonin
organization
ARTICLES components
