planetary
interpretation
Birdsell
Anthropos
contaminates
Chi-squared probability
Pleistocene
Hildebrand
Manicouagan
allogenic
fossil-rich
Extraterrestrial
Geochemistry
Rotmisrovka
Mengeruda
Department
end-Triassic
Indo-Malaysian Archipelago
Single-grain
demagnetization
Palaeolithic
Jaramillo
Stratigraphic Correlation
Southeast
Consequently
Fieldwork
elephants
Geological development
geological
Standard
Triassic/Jurassic boundary
predominate
O'Sullivan
Although
economic potential
Formation
extensive
population
Immediately
inefficiency
Geochronology
Hooijeromis nusatenggara
context14,15
Fission-track
Steinartefakte
fieldwork
possible
objective
cultural
gravitational attraction
fission-track
extrapolating
Indonesian Geological
well-defined
homogeneity
Sondaar12
association
secondary
evolution
necessary
Leningrad
crocodile
Previously
Stegodon
subsequent analysis
impactor
Stratigraphy
Collision
meteorite27
Fossilschicht
volcanism
method23
analytical
biological
freshwater
ShoemakerLevy
homogeneous
measuring
weighted-mean
Rakitskaya
telescope
Cratering
sequence
undetectable
Mediterranean
Jannsens
contemporaneous
Shoemaker≠Levy
interbedded tuffaceous
cognitive
detection
biostratigraphic-radiometric
individual
geographical radiation
Takahiashi
maximum/
excavation
depositional
Structures
palaeontological
zircon-age
KOH/NaOH melt7,22
Indonesian
Development
end-of-Triassic
dark≠grey tuffaceous
Cretaceous-Tertiary
Chancellor
dark≠grey sandstone
Palaeoanthropology
Azzaroli
consequent
low-energy lacustrine
terrestrial multiple
well-thermalized
identification
radiometric
vertebrate zoogeography
intervention
gravel-rich
biostratigraphy4
tuffaceous sandstone
comparable
processing
Triassic
University
Indonesia
structure geochemistry
mmorwood
standard
polishing
deposition
watercraft
inferred2
Wetenschappen
contamination
distinguish
McCauley
Astroblemes
colonization
observing
Archaeology
logarithmic
atmospheric phenomena
optical-quality polishing
Cambridge
near-simultaneous
multi-platformed
palaeomagnetic determination2
chondritic
structure d'impact
Extinctions
single-grain
compatible
vertebrata
connection
standard fission-track-age
Carnian/Norian boundary
Early/Middle Pleistocene
projectile
heavy-liquid techniques
possible Cretaceous/Tertiary
crossings
Oskierski
Macmillan Publishers
florensis
Bannatyne
probability
Rochechouart
colonisation
communication
extinctions
Shoemaker-Levy
non-volatile
Palaeogeographic
Analytical
particular circumstance
Identification
Therefore
deep-water
unsuccessful
light≠grey tuffaceous
Therriault
extinction
horizontal
Davidson
siderophile
hominids
Durrheim
Australia
additional
Rightmire
meteorite
palaeomagnetic
komodoensis
Wallacea
impact-generated shocked-quartz-bearing
Problems
Precision
lowermost
continental
percussion
magnification
availability
Cretaceous/Tertiary boundary
November
intruded tuffaceous
structures
contaminate
reworking
asymmetric
sufficient
technological
discoveries21
precision
recolonization
Alternative formation
Academic
McRoberts
Prehistory
disruptive
systematic
interdisciplinary conference
Richardson
primitive carbonaceous
Braunschweig/Weisbaden
weathering
Mesozoic
120-cm-thick
Stoﬂwellenmetamorphose
swimming
Telescope
Benton33
Ganymede
suggestive
Attempts
calibration method24
meteorite explosion
Sumberdaya
industrial
situation
continental Southeast
appraisal
predation
Terrestrial
Wallacean
Australia Geological
Pleistocene10
Perspectives
214-Myr multiple
Depending
Palaeomagnetic
calculation
Furthermore
soft-sediment deformation
one-third
evidence
collision
Goodfellow
Forschungsinstitut Senckenberg
Australian
stratigraphic recording
technology
Lumbanbatu
reversed-normal transition
Chicxulub
Gradstein
Meteoritics
Ukrainian
Carnian-Norian
hydrogen
prerogative
sandstone
Verhoeven
Stegodonts
Frankfurt
Raykhlin
Australian Institute
footwall
Aftermath
Tuffaceous
coarse-grained
Spikings
Freedman
Correspondence
February
Statistical
Pithecanthropus
Indo-Pacific prehistory
important
Koninklijke Nederlandse
stratigraphic
colliding
Paris-Sud
Koenigswald
polarities
artefacts
muscovite
cryptoexplosion
statistic
dosimeter
Bellwood
Galbraith
temperature
Anorthosits
Williston
Geologic
brown≠grey sandstone
formidable gravitational
Geochelone
