species16
evolutionary
Inhibitory
particular
inter-primate comparisons2
identifying promising
adenosine triphosphatase
stringent
Controlling
Department
Molecular
reasoning
Supplementary Information
Foundation
indicator
Estimation
Parkville
directional
physiological
interspecific
proportion
inter-block information
successful polymerase
Connecticut
investigation
Hypothesis
log2-fold
chimpanzees
suppressor p33ING1b
Acknowledgements
Likelihood
mismatches
downstream
evolution
accession
phylogeny
transcriptome
Anticancer
difference
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
significant enrichment
Evolutionary
Mixed-model reanalysis
ancestral expression
organismal
steady-state messenger
deleterious
over-representation
interspecific hybridization
accumulation
protein-coding
Statistics
financial
Castillo-Davis
reference
variability
generation
consistent
disease-association
Gentleman
phylogenetic shadowing
Benjamini
individual
log-likelihood
oligonucleotide-based
non-human
mutational
multi-species complementary
Caenorhabditis
subsequent
NATURE|Vol
pressures
expression difference
magnitude
identification
downregulation
intensities
statistical meta-analysis11
equivalent
discovery
available
foreground
meta-analysis
intensity-dependent normalization
Wolfinger
University
divergence
agreement
possibility
background fluorescence
hypothesis
likelihood
LETTERS Expression
METHODS
comparison
limitation
interaction
Biostatistics
technical
phenotypic evolution
Phylogenetic shadowing
practical
SpringerVerlag
considerable uncertainty
orangutan
Oshlack2
expression
Sex-dependent
regardless
probability
inclusion
nucleotide polymorphism
problematic
synonymous
functional
Information Expression
approximate
neutrality
Identification
copper-transporting
sequences25
reduction
Bioconductor
regulation
differential degradation
California
assigning expression
highest-ranked
Bioinformatics
candidates
symmetrical
electrophoretic
preparation
human-specific
Przeworski
Chimpanzee Orangutan
background correction
chimpanzee
environmental
Computational
Evolution
discrepancy
hybridization intensity
stabilizing
Khaitovich
statistic comparing
Correspondence
Multi-species
likelihood15
technical explanation
Backgroundcorrected
hepatocellular
Meiklejohn
gene-expression
Drosophila
computing environment
sub-model
Supplementary
Biometrika
different expression
human­chimpanzee
structure
promising
Comparative
phenotypic
distribution
Estimated
Different
transcriptional
Publishing
Bustamante
Functional evolution
phylogenetic
influence
one-tailed
Speed2,3
regulation1
`regulation
promising candidates
Development
represent promising
transcription
between-to-within individual
application
interested
Drosophila melanogaster
functional characteristics
3Department
parameter
lineage-specific
microarray
conserved expression
suggestion
developmental
Institute
assignment
Mixed-Effects
expression differences
significant
representation
cis-regulatory
annotation
normalization
Patterson
observation
proteins27
orthologous
Consistent
accelerated
non-synonymous nucleotide
correlation
indicative
validation
