Rinnooy-Kan
represent
remarkable
polynomial interpolation
Virginia Polytechnic
Deterministic
stochastic presented
computation
Integrated
Foundation
dimensionality
Histogram
ODEPACK
Non-linear optimization
stochastic
confirmation
evolutionary optimization
evolutionary programming
analytical solutions
Automatic
presented
wastewater treatment
semicontinuous
prediction
Mathematically
approximation
Parameters Utilized
rigorous
nonlinear biochemical
implemented
nonlinear programming
near-exact
non-linear programming
nonlinear
business
Pardalos
Continuous
sequential
Academics Publishers
non-linear
Parameter Estimation
Biological Processes
Published
Mendes,2
Commonwealth
Selection
experience
necessary numerical
published
implement
theoretical convergence
Porsgrunn
Goteborg
Therefore
Corresponding
GBLSOLVE
Automation
comparing
self-adaptation
postprocess
Foundations
assessment
theoretical
Evolutionary algorithms
so-called multistart
benchmark
Scientific computing
physical phenomena
Encyclopedia
different experiments
excellent
evolutionary strategies
Perttunen
ms-FMINCON
Rastrigin
challenging
weighting
Objective
information
discussion
efficient heuristic
Banga1,3
Artificial evolution
philosophy
PC/Pentium
competitive algorithms
engineering optimisation
nonconvexity
recombination
complexity
extrapolation
algorithms
correlation
representation
parameter estimation
Microsystems
experiments
interesting
comparative performance
vicinity
Evolution strategies
attraction
production
time-invariant
combination
Different Algorithms
metabolite
deterministic approaches
inequality
Identification
constraints
Clustering
financial
Implementation
cellular signaling
measurement
Practical optimization
messenger
evaluation
assurance
functional understanding
third-party
University
standard
quasi-Newtonian
Papamichail
Cambridge
September
Computation
consequence
stochastic optimization
researcher
variables
theoretical evolution
systematized collection
irreversible inhibition
Simulated annealing
publication
Congress
Polytechnic Institute
Downloaded
regulation
intermediate
optimization environment
variational
permutation
nucleocytoplasmic
imperfect
continuous
signaling
mathematical formulation
Klingmuller
accordance
reproduction
biochemical
Simulated Annealing
Workshop
McFerran
Stochastic
FMINCON
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
efficient
Differential Evolution
thorough
Saravanan
objective
Examples
optimizer
Dordrecht
Wolkenhauer
evolution strategies
callable
algebraic
steady-state
bioprocesses
preliminary
probabilistic
SA-based
so-called
surprising
traditional
Evolutionary Computation
Goldberg
principle
stochastic approximation
BES0120306
approach independent
selection
nonseparable
Ostermeier
Research
Stuckman
Oliveira
Evolutionary computation
minimizing
solutions
Lipschitzian optimization
underdetermination
simulating
parameters
implementation
DISCUSSION
Conclusions
Intelligent Techniques
experiment
Convergence
Mathematical optimization
biochemical pathways
Nevertheless
Lipschitz
Grossmann
substrate
differential
random-search
Investigaciones
nonlinear differential-algebraic
derandomized covariance
Handbook
differential-algebraic constraints
techniques
Controlled
pseudoexperimental
Goulcher
approach
available
simulated annealing
three-step
combinatorial optimization
Blacksburg
efficiency
Optimization
nonconvex
configuration
individual step-size
inequality constraints
algorithms approach
Hindmarsh
introductory analysis
Laboratory
contribution
experimental
Discussion
community
adaptation
Laarhoven
Bioinformatics Institute
published performance
platform
Kirkpatrick
biochemical simulation
alternative evolutionary
Comparison
Anonymous
evolutionary experimentation
sufficient
Computational
optimality
representative
systematic
numerical strategies
Biosystems
Schwefel
Mathematical modelling
Telemark University
RESULTS
evaluated
transformation
optimization algorithms
optimization
ES-based
procedure
unsatisfactory
realistic applications
orientation
different algorithms
Furthermore
Evolution
Gutierrez
Symposium
technology
Gothenburg
different
drawback
development
population-based stochastic
Instituto
literature
comprehensive
numerical
advertisement
Biotechnology
programs
biological evolution
Rechenberg
Runarsson
extensible
coordinate
Similarly
stochastic algorithm
competitive
mechanism
Statement
alternative
ill-conditioned
heuristic
Springer-Verlag
Although
stochastic strategies
metabolic engineering
gradient-based
black-box
survival
automatic switching
population-based approach
Computing
North-Holland
superiority
arbitrary
mathematical
satisfactory
MED2002
convenient environment
successfully
Experiment Generation
artificial
Application
economic
Artificial intelligence
Government
parallelization
standard Levenberg-Marquardt
Mediterranean Conference
magnitude
bubble-sort algorithm
minimization
equivalent
agreement
Proceedings
multilevel coordinate
comparison
limitation
constraint
certainty
simulation
practical
Hoffmeister
Michalewicz
Balsa-Canto
computational
Three-Step
Biochemical Pathways
low-cost
Evolutionary Programming
numerical optimization
REFERENCES
Multilevel Coordinate
Stepleman
additional
Holmstrom
quadratic
threestep
Regarding
phenomena
optimization algorithm
differences
histogram
metabolic pathways
Sentievio
convergence
considerable
Parameter estimation
characteristic
McGraw-Hill
robustness
evolutionary computing
Engineering
Adaptation
highlight
distribution
Academic Publishers
different biochemical
Efficient
influence
multimodal
goodness
formulation
biochemical evolution
functions
Justification
competitive stochastic
electrical
state-of-the-art deterministic
Skjoldebremd
February
Trystrom
variation
generated
Lipschitz optimization
represent activation
Zabinsky
Rubinstein
determination
signalling
important applications
reasonable wallclock
