restriction
protein-protein interactions
4Department
copurifying
similarity
Biochemistry
co-localization
Regelmann
Microbiology
homogeneity
cross-validation
computational
interaction information
deacetylation
Investigating
Department
taxonomic
Tikuisis1
consensus sequences
Eissenberg
Supplementary Information
overproduction
post-translational modification
experimental inaccuracy
spectrometry14
Vid30-containing
intragenic
polymerases
large-scale
proportion
Richards6
environment
microarray
Connecticut
Systematic identification
DNA-binding
Emergence
largescale
miniarray
affinity-based purification
McLaughlin
desorption/ ionization­time
Cohabitation
prokaryotic
chromatography
identifying sequences
Schuldiner
transposon
Parkinson5
fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase
quantified
high-confidence
gold-standard
compendium
significant similarity
transposition
extrapolating
Proteome-wide purification
Organization
catabolite-induced degradation
expression2
polyacrylamide
Experimental
experimental reproducibility
fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase-degrading
Molecular Biophysics
Elucidation
identifying
RNAPII45
transposition40
ARTICLES NATURE|Vol
expressed proteome18
Functional organization
phosphorylation
Escherichia
technology9
Reliability
Proteasome involvement
comprehensive two-hybrid
reasonable
arbitrary
environment33
biological
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
Chandran1
Comparative assessment
chromatin44
DDDDDDDSFASADGE
Drosophila homologue
Functional discovery
Thompson1
phosphorylated
consistent
similarity32
synthetic lethal/sick
High-definition macromolecular
individual
silencing36,37
RNAprocessing
RNAPII-associated
repressive
Supplementary
intersection
interacting
Relationship
Subcellular localization
Ignatchenko1
Molecular Interaction
Hughes1,2
localization
membrane-associated
expressed
hypomorphic
Complexes
system-wide
Zinc-finger
identification
Massachusetts
systematic characterization
clustering algorithm
throughput experimental
conditions
University
multitude
Evolutionary conservation
available
studies17,35
localization categories5
accessing
database23
complementary
importance
interactome
protein­protein interactions
Conclusions
Predictive sensitivity
low-femtomole
amino-terminal
eukaryotic
Ross-Macdonald
`snapshot
chromosomal
anti-peptide
consideration
properties
comparison
Cambridge
Shigehiko
methylation
connectivity
heteromeric
fungi-specific
scale-free
non-overlapping
nomenclature
McCormack
data-dependent
protein­protein interactions38
Assignment
consequence
Laboratory
Technology
Published
chromatinboundary-element-binding
Synthetic
Boulevard
Precision/sensitivity
probability
desorption/ionization­
information
multi-subunit
Cytoscape
two-hybrid
Graphical representation
functional
fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase39
Microarray
high-density
Analyzing
specificity
proportional
landscape
six-subunit holo-elongator
additional interactions
confidence
High-betweenness
available comprehensive
subcellular
subtelomeric
repeat-binding
biomolecular interaction
predictions
endoplasmic reticulum
physiology
SDS­PAGE
extraction
betweenness
cytoplasmic ribosomal
California
`Betweenness
5Hospital
Co-localization
initiation
`intersection
molecular
non-membrane
homologous recombination
´n-Alvarez5
two-dimensional hierarchical
macromolecular composition
hypothetical
relationship
promoter-specific transcriptional
successful
MALDI­TOF
Bioinformatics
Vlasblom5
individual complexes
Purification
sequence1
RNAPII-interacting
particular
convergence
Robinson1
translation
Correspondence
evolutionary conservation
abundance
annotation
Acknowledgements
high-quality
cytosolic
Characterization
Shilatifard9
Rpd3-containing
Large-scale
robustness
heptapeptide
metabolism
preparation
microarray-based
Engineering
frequency
monoclonal
integrating
studies27
distribution
spectrometry
approximate stoichiometry
assistance
Markov-clustercomputed complexes
Confidence
proteasome-dependent
Publishing
processing
2Department
protein­protein interaction
hand-curated
phylogenetic
chromosome segregation
preferential interaction
co-evolution
dependence
International Molecular
polymerase
reliability
transcriptional repression30,31
carboxy-terminal
modifying complexes
transcriptionrelated
Precision-sensitivity
regression
Interaction
kinetochore
Ghaemmaghami
different
Francisco
combination
Functional characterization
biochemistry
transcription
Starostine1
transmembrane
consortium
blotting18
manuscript
matrix-assisted
essentiality
connectedness
Systematic
Cotranscriptional
performance
genome-wide
biochemical activities3,4
Ingles1,2
double-strand
Biomolecular
independent
nonspecific
calculating
established
Institute
pie-chart
consistency
9Department
`extended
collection
complexes
Greenblatt1,2 Identification
Paccanaro4
significant
Altaf-Ul8
`biological
Greenblatt
degradation
probabilistic
Weissman7
Furthermore
ARTICLES
organization
Catabolite degradation
surprising
Phylogenetic
pre-ribosomes
Consistent
intracellular localization
Cytoscape/
sub-complex
purification
methyltransferase
deacetylase
high-throughput
expression
affinity-tagged
correlation
Exploration
Molecular Pharmacology
transcription elongation
protein­protein interactions11­14
