Amplification
systematic
noteworthy
independent hybridization
homozygous recessive
nutrient-limiting
resistance
Helfenbein
SNPscanner prediction
experiments
Immunotherapeutics
Sequence-confirmed
threshold
alternative
Molecular
Supporting
LOC_Os04
knowledge
singlebase
Similarly
contained
Chromosomal coordinate
difficult statistical
causative
daughter-specific
chitinase
Although
Subsequent
DBY11131 DBY11130
domestication transition
analogous
suppressor
meridionalis
nucleotide substitution
hybridization
correspondence
cell­specific
glumaepetula
confirmation
homozygous
permission
Preliminary
Daran-Lapujade
Nucleotide-level comparison
heterozygosity
background
Polymorphisms
cerevisiae
genome-wide
Lewis-Sigler Institute
nonpolymorphic reference
individual SCIENCE
Evolutionary
Dunham,1
hybridization efficiency
Nucleotide Resolution
analyzing
Washington
identified
characterization
È30,000
Sniegowski
genome-wide prediction
predicted polymorphic
sequence-confirmed
Domestication
RM11Damn1
rufipogon
occurrence
reference
supporting
generation
genome-wide mutagenesis
consistent
repetitive
phenomena
prediction
manufacture
McDonnell Foundation
Department
Arabidopsis
individual
laboratory
comparing hybridization
southeastern
Mutations predicted
intrastrain
MH059520
organisms
Caenorhabditis
allele-specific
Gresham,1,2*
breakpoints
DBY11130 DBY11131
YEF1695
single-copy
whole-genome
reproducible
increasing
Escherichia
Greenhouse
available
peripheral mitochondrial
predicted breakpoints
unconscious
Foundation
SCIENCE
single-colony purification
nonshattering
nucleotide substitutions
transformant
oligonucleotide
separation
biological
distinguish
detecting
manufacturing
likelihood
Helicobacter
canavanine
divergence
retrotransposon
limitation
derivation
extension
resistant
Supported
Surprisingly
unreliable
Deutschbauer
nonreference
published
high-quality
high-resolution
Botstein,1,2
Published
clumpiness
filtering
different experiment
necessary
Copyright
large-scale
GM046406
Kruglyak
preliminary
one­amino
Advancement
mutagenic
Microarray
single-feature
mitochondrial
false-positive
cultivated
wild-type
oligonucleotide microarrays
effective
GM071508
hybridization experiment
variants_
Mendelian
Bprediction
experimental evolution
adaptation
additional
nucleotide_s
distributional
trademark
Dieckmann
Schacherer,1,3
substitutions
evolutionary
Downloaded
reduction
detectable
nonclumpy phenotype
Steinmetz
progenitor
Genome-Wide
molecular
Margulies
Association
S288C-like
falsepositive
diversity
Colman-Lerner
insertion/deletion
phenotype predicted
independent spontaneous
sufficient
continuous
Pratt,1,3
experimental hybridization
overlapping
Ruderfer,1,3
cultivars representing
photoperiod
heuristic
hybridization intensity
particular
Biochemical
nucleotide diversity
representing
singlenucleotide
Princeton University
population
single-base
impractical
spontaneous single­base
characteristic
challenge
Drosophila
ancestral
nonfermentable
Annotation
refractory
frequency
References
sequencing technology
evaluating
recombination
following
phenotypic
nucleotides
divergent
SNPscanner
Information
Tzagoloff
single-nucleotide polymorphism
Charitable
2Department
microarrays
Sequence-level
Integrative
experience
phenotyping
chromosomal
comparative
Genome-wide
successful SFP-based
chromosome
upregulation
information
Consequently
transcription
abscission
responsible
daughter-specific expression
Shattering
positional
microarray Ereferred
SNPscanner predic200
domestication
nearnucleotide
insertion/
performance
3Department
infeasible
principle
development
simplicity
single-nucleotide
Independent
Institute
comprehensive
Rosenzweig
affordability
collection
identified additional
important
Excellence
plausible explanation
positives
SFP-based genotyping
shattering
nucleotide
Predicted
structure
polymorphism
perennial
algorithm
high-density Affymetrix
nucleotide-resolution comparison
accession
Prediction
redundant
strain-specific
traditional
complexity
expression
quantitative
D-histidine
duplication
resolution
technical
Chromosome
single-base substitution
