interpretation
systematic
remarkable
numerosity
Research
Lenneberg
batteries
Zaslavsky
up-river
Department
conclusion
autistic
Nuts-in-Can
numerical quantities
Benjamin
Supporting
knowledge
situations
monolingual
Philosophy
proportion
Cultural
logistical
large-number estimation
Although
Amazonian language
orthogonal matching
tentative reconciliation
extensive immersion
combination
permission
familiar
possible
unfamiliar
Numerical Cognition
cultural
difficult
background
performance
Stanislas
Organization
essential
conceptual foundation
necessary
cognitive
designation
numerical competence
transposition
Washington
translatable
Munduruku
numerical estimation
consensus
scientist
withdrawal
standard deviation
accuracy
nonverbal numerical
mainstream Brazilian
mathematical
available
one-two-many
Islanders
reference
sequence
Fabstraction_
variability
Hospitalier Frederic
arithmetic competence
approximation
understood
individual
Performance
informant
matching
prototypical
Butterworth
capacity
approximate Bnumerosity
unavoidable
Veronique
philosopher
nonverbal representations
Biobehavioral
smallest
10-based
anomalous superiority
Schuster
coefficient
supporting
language-based
processing
inaccurate
exchange
equivalent
Sometimes
possibility
incommensurate
neurophysiological
hypothesis
Published
Although performance
primitive numerical
Cambridge
September
December
REPORTS Numerical
additional cognitive
Evidence
Approximate Arithmetic
Amazonian Indigene
perseveration
alternative linguistic
interesting
Tamis-LeMonda
distinction
estimation
high-resolution
explicit
someone_s
cognitive processing
Psychology
Copyright
Cognitive Neuroimag´
neuropsychological
Advancement
author_s
accuracy beginning
Participants
deprivation experiment
indefinite
calculation possible
Bone-two-many
categorization
additional
fuzziness
Bmolecule
trademark
approximate
Kanwisher
Downloaded
clinical
cultures
prototype
Everetts
consistent
Association
Columbia University
Processes
illiterate
Language
quantities
continuous
assimilation
SCIENCE primitive
numerical language
Stanescu
week-long
particular
Candy-in-Box
translation
considerable
language deprivation
population
exception
related-content
Grammatical
Producing
robustness
estimation procedure
prelinguistic
suggestive
linguistic determinism
evaluating
behavioral
following
Bparallel individuation
hunter-gatherer existence
advantage
Menninger
procedure
Feigenson
Whorfian
Information
magnitude estimation
innumerate language
smallnumber
Pylyshyn
evidence
numerical cognition
mental-spatial
linguistic structure
Observations
language dysfunction
laboratory
concentration
Presentation
everyday
advanced scientific
Huntley-Fenner
information
different
participant
recursive
Orthogonal
studying
Videotaped
enumeration
Understanding
interested
substitute
schematic
continuous quantification
line-drawing
privileged
Instructions
acknowledging
Development
Recherche
OCTOBER
infinity
vocabulary
singular
chunking
numerical
CEA/DSV
variation
medium-sized
HighWire
one-to-one correspondence
person_s numerical
representations
research possible
Portuguese
Gallistel
introduced
evolutionarily
observation
arithmetic dependent
quantifying
Gumulgal
informal observations
increases
analysis
original
neuroimaging
recursive character
materials
Amazonia
correlation
inability
Broughly
Matching
to-be-counted
