represent
ballistic transition
feedback
extrinsic components
Abbreviations
Deterministic
stability
discreteness
expression dynamics
Department
fluorescent molecules
Although deterministic
macroscopic
networks
previous
Foundation
dissociation
parameters
theoretical monostable­
technique
Biophysics
TMG-transporting
subpopulation
production
microscopic
Experimental
molecules
relevance
stochastic
endogenous
correspondence
Grossman
individual parameters
population heterogeneity
combination
important stochastic
OFF-to-ON switching
activation
Measurement
measurement
possible
degradation
indicative
cellular
upstream
population distributions
nonlinearity
difference
association
conversion
magnitude dependent
modified Gillespie
necessary
exponential
transmission
induction
quantitative information
integrating
specific
magnitude
parameters necessary
activity
multiplicative
biological
decreasing
essential
induced-touninduced
Oudenaarden*§ *Department
predictive
Intrinsic
determine
Parameters
metabolic
generation
robustness
Monte-Carlo
prediction
population survival
stochasticity characteristic
intensity
individual
combining
corresponding intrinsic
Stephanopoulos
Parameter
Lengeler
Yildirim
fractional asymmetry
subsequent
instantaneous
repression
inactivated
ballistic switching
Characteristic
approach
Escherichia
bacterial persistence
pioneering
agreement
epigenetic
standard deviation
respectively
University
predicting
TMG-bound
possibility
understanding
stochastic dynamics
experimental distributions
Resnekov
intermediate concentration
regulatory
Fluctuations
binomial distribution
BIOPHYSICS
extracellular concentration
correlated extrinsic
Monte-Carlo simulation
predicting stochastic
ON-to-OFF transition
Cambridge
daughter
Oudenaarden
Hooshangi
simulation
propagation
connection
resuspension
represent intracellular
Technology
repressor
additional parameters
examining
technical assistance
probability
transcripConflict
Extrinsic
Simulations
functional
Ertugrul
Colman-Lerner
Therefore
applicability
fluorescent
wild-type
proportional
considering
noise-induced population
utilization
equivalent
equations
extrinsic
intracellular
available
interesting quantitative
comparing
intermediate
ballistic
presteadystate
statement
cell-tocell
November
molecular
consistent
synthesis
Comparison
Additionally
population distribution
intracellular environment
sufficient
continuous
Thiberge
precision
Muller-Hill
environmental
simulation algorithm
transient
intermediate distributions
translation
integrated experimental
equilibrium distribution
single-cell
population
measuring
approximation
Rosenfeld
explicit molecular
fluorescence
stochastic component
respective lowercase
MathWorks
characterization
Ozbudak
stochastic simulation
preparation
different expression
fruitful discussions
Nobelmann
biochemical
distribution
Alexander
Demonstration
identical
steady-state population
generality
Furthermore
Histograms
characterize
Kaufmann
calibration
analytical stochastic
experimental dynamics
deterministic differential
distributions
absolute
Development
different
faithful
multistability
sensitive
effective inactivation
transcription
transmembrane
Steady-state
potential
activator
parameter
low-noise
difficult
independent
extended
calculating
GM068957
comprehensive
Discussion
published
Stochastic Measurements
variation
hysteresis
polymerase
steady-state
important
Derivations
implementation
deterministic equations
supporting information
intrinsic
cell-to-cell variability
Massachusetts Institute
destruction
significant cell-to-cell
Paulsson
computational approach
effective
noteworthy
Conversely
monostable
stochastic switching
extraction
analysis
paramMettetal
principle
correlation
thiomethylgalactoside
stochastic cellular
original
