Metcalfe
Kacelnik
selection
different critical
Estonian
remarkable
Virginia Polytechnic
Carpenter
molecule Bflorigen
planning
controversial
Crucially
Strauss,4
alternative
Nicholas
phenomenon
Supporting
American Association
Orangutans
probability
physiological
previous experiments
possible confounding
Bohlenius,1
Jansson,3
treatment
Although
Arguably
analogous
undergone convergent
experiment addressed
correspondence
Evolution
daylength
permission
Cognition
possible
biological predispositions
short-day­induced
anonymous
S-90187
emergence
difference
adaptive
evolution
necessary
cognitive
Sciences
stimulus
Koelling
Washington
Subjects_ performance
Subjects
Deutscher
biological
difficult
accumulation
Routledge
Brunner,2,4
McIntosh
contiguous
Dickinson
Controls
Department
Arabidopsis
ecogenetic variation
respective experiments
Percentage
transport
dormancy
nonedible
darkness
apparatus
inappropriate
AppletonCentury-Crofts
response-reinforcement interval
experiment
expressing
SCIENCE
Flowering
Schuster
available
supporting
comparable
transportation
identical reinforcement
flowerinducing molecule
transgenic Arabidopsis
respectively
University
Blacksburg
possibility
binomial
hypothesis
Corballis
Agricultural
regulatory
Chappell
Typically
homologous
training
substance
instrumental conditioning
precursor
December
aversive
out-ofreach
protection
orangutan
critical daylength
cessation
insufficient
suitable
high-resolution
someone_s
important addition
Psychology
Copyright
caretaker
powerful
Advancement
convergent cognitive
Limbuko
short-day­
appropriate
Experiment
adaptation
Stanford
formidable
Corvallis
Charbonnel-Campaa,1
flowering
sequence identity
additional
regulatory mechanism
Polytechnic Institute
trademark
transform
Self-Knowing Consciousness
Downloaded
Conditioning
Regulatory
FLOWERING
Unexpectedly
Tomasello
Fechtman
ortholog
one-tailed
inflorescences
Suitable Unsuitable
successful
Together
Kimeldorf
early-flowering
inflorescence development
sleeping
Agrobacterium-infected
related-content
latitudinal
Physiology
Evolutionary Anthropology
behavior
suitcase
following
situation
collecting
Information
outstanding
stimulus specificity
re-cache
daylength regulation
evidence
Lieberman
Heinzelin
manuscript
information
containing
subjects_
unsuitable
transcription
returning
Caledonian
cognitive evolution
gustatory
development
multiple
invoking traditional
opposite
Institute
digestive sickness
HighWire
Suddendorf
flowerlike
significant
Cessation
multiple-year
Furthermore
temperate
Finstermeier
perennial
trichocarpa
hook-shaped
nonhuman
inducing flowering
complexity
ingestion
formation
Mentality
molecular mechanism
retrieval
