Disturbance
altruistic
Mitteldorf
Department
Supplementary Information
death­birth
interesting
deterministic
proportion
cooperator neighbour
neighbours
Sociobiology
lattice-structured
stochastic
Emergence
Acknowledgements
defection
diffusion approximation
straightforward
Nevertheless
framework
snowdrift
evolutionary trajectory
emergence
difference
LETTERS NATURE|Vol
condition
disadvantage
two-strategy
evolution
Evolutionary
necessary
Killingback
unstructured population
intuitive justification
individuals
analytical
traditional well-mixed
scale-free networks26,27
available
financial
`small-world
conditional
evolutionary stability
approximation
non-regular
intensity
individual
migration
Cooperation
impossible
assumption
cooperator
neighbourhood
dynamical interaction
contested
Harvard-MIT
non-repeated
NATURE|Vol
mechanism `death­birth
experiment
Lieberman2,3
Massachusetts
cooperation
unconditional cooperators
graphs25
Nakamaru
coefficient
Scale-free
importance
University
mechanisms
agreement
Lieberman
excellent agreement
Reproduction
biological
consideration
two-person
comparison
fundamental intuition
derivation
Christoph
self-organizing
simulation
propagation
defectors
conceivable geometric
Cooperative
consequence
Observational
probability
neighbours proportional
coexistence
community
strategic
Therefore
proportional
extinction
replicator
who-meets-whom
cooperator­defector
studying evolutionary
relatedness
birth­death
biological organization
reciprocity
cooperators
classical evolutionary
numerical simulations
`effective
`birth­death
continuous
neighbour
Population viscosity
Cambridge
particular
Interactive
abundance
reciprocal
Fischbacher
empirical
theoretic
reproduction
heterogeneous
situation
unconditional
pair-approximation calculation
martin_nowak
Milinski
Publishing
calculation
unifying framework
beautiful similarity
Evolution
discrepancy
substantial
imitation
Organismic
Mathematics
Pair-approximation
offspring
Correspondence
information
different
LETTERS
Volunteering
necessary condition
Implicitly
reproduction proportional
3Department
parameter
Templeton Foundation
unstructured populations
Fudenberg
`imitation
Collective
numerical
viscosity
well-mixed population
connectivity
connected
horizontal
structure
surprising
complexity
reputation
fundamental
cooperative behaviour
genetical evolution
