Interpreting mammalian
low-redundancy comparative
DNaseI-hypersensitive
Department
neusimian comparison
additional mammalian
biological similarity
technique
human­tetraodon
resolution/sensitivity
mismatch frequency
whole-genome comparative
analogous
divergent
colodensity
lowest-P-value
human­fugu conserved
Oda-Ishii
identified human­mouse­rat
experimentally
prominent benchmark
human­mouse­fugu
human­rodent sequences
Characterization
convenience
Remarkably
neighborhood
whole-genome human­rodent
consistent
high-sensitivity identification
nonpromoter
human­mouse­zebrafish
embryvalue
funnel-like
detecting cis-regulatory
experimental definition
alignment accuracy
Callaway
funcextreme
time-consuming
trueering
Supplemental
human­mouse­chicken
homology
eutherian
divergence
significant conserved
log-odds mismatch
Shoukry,1
Published
benchmark functional
chromoous eutherian
Distribution
Computational
experience
developmental vertebrates
Berkeley-PGA
human­mouse­rat
multiple-eutherian comparison
substitution
intergenic conserved
conservative approach
straightforward application
candidate cis-regulatory
Evaluation
HMR/G/X/F
Halocynthia
Corresponding
nonexonic
benchmark elecomparison
corresponding mammalian
assessment
theoretical
C10orf11
Downloaded
Additionally
considerable variation
benchmark
distinguisha
Ovcharenko
marsupial
abundance
uncharacterized
mammalian
Conserved
Christoffels
computational predictions
alignments generated
subregion
distinguishable
productive
tetraodon
Nothwang
experimental validation
human­mouse­tetraodon
dissimian comparisons
embryonic enhancers
circular
Pennacchio1,2,4
secmouse­rat­dog
ond-largest
cis-regulatory
SPrabhakar
Excessive
effective
conservation P-values
extrapolation
conserved human­rodent
pre-mRNA
hedgehog
statistical analySupplemental
prioritizing
evolutionary
feedback
Donaldson
non-coding
Manzanares
pre-eminent
Prabhakar
distinguishing
categories
detecting functional
DEAC02-05CH11231
criterion
correspondence
sensitivity­specificity tradeoff
comparable truepositive
Alternatively
noncoding sequences
Couronne,1,2
Gomez-Skarmeta
human­fish noncoding
human­mouse­
hsp68-lacZ
identified
wellthough
breakFigure
Pennacchio
conserved enhancers
adtutions/site
Blanchette
computational algorithm
dichotomy
Venkatesh
noncoding conservation
identified enhancers
conserved non-coding
shadowing
marfunnel principle
developnonmammalian conservation
homologue
higher-level functional
fellowship
evaluation
transcription-factor
top-scoring human­rodent
Supplerodent
whole-genome meta-analysis
University
candidate enhancers
-regulatory
transcriptional enhancers
possibility
human­mouse­fish
characterizaancient
regulatory
likelihood
conserved intergenic
September
Phylogenetic shadowing
Karlin-Altschul statistics
aforementioned developmental
tissue-specific expression
RankVISTA
human­zebrafish
HL066681
human­rodent alignment
lowest-scoring
benchmarking
human­mouse­rat conservation
predictive
powerful
Batzoglou
achieving generality
publication
obtainable
introduction
ultra-conserved
assumption
compromise
benchmark statistical
inwhole-genome
molecular
whole-genome human­mouse­fish
truemarked
overlapping nonmammalian
computational approach
representing
eleutherian comparison
comparison identiquence
functional sequences
References
long-range cis-regulatory
non-fish
top-ranked
following three-way
evolutionary distances
different embryonic
human­fish conservation
gene-poor
reproducible embryonic
Development
Lindblad-Toh
transcription
mechanism
potential
embryonic expression
explanation
whole-genome sequencing
evaporate
evolutionary constraint
identifying candidate
comparisons
true-positive
extensive computational
Consistent
subclassification
amphibian
principle
developmental transcriptional
selection
above-described
pertional noncoding
Alexander Poliakov
anatomical structure
threshold
availability
whole-genome noncoding
human­fish comparative
telomeric
tissuespecific expression
Mammalian
mouse­chicken
-galacindeed
aforementioned
expression pathuman-genome
Pre-computed wholegenome
evolution
prioritizing human­rodent
block-like structure
candidate embryonic
transgenic
functional assessment
Exploiting human­fish
conserved noncoding
embryonic
Poulin,1,3
intuitive relationship
statistical conserved
detection
intensity
individual
Inducible expression
selecting candidate
pseudo-alignment
McAuliffe
subsequent
Morgenstern
false-positive predictions
identification
zebrafish
high-scoring
approach
available
transcriptional regulation
complement
restricting
human­mouse­frog
applying Karlin-Altschul
eukaryotic
hypothesis
topology
independent human­rodent
whole-genome conservation
reproducible -galactosidase
Boffelli
Laboratory
developmental enhancers
higher-resolution functional
Multi-LAGAN
characterization
Discussion
systematic identification
McMurray
tissue-specific regulation
expensive
human­mouse­rat­dog
excellent benchmark
vertebrate
reduction
developmental transcription
California
well-characterized
DNaseIhypersensitive
human­rodent conservation
corresponding
sufficient
-galactosidase expression
representative
systematic
Consequently
evolutionary conservation
conserved human­mouse­rat
exception
Chiaromonte
fictitious fixed-length
empirical
rectangular
Supplementary
conserprinciple
threshold conservation
evaluating
P-values
Gateway-HSP68-LacZ
Drosophila dachshund
procedure
substisimian comparisons
Furthermore
Integrative
structure generated
correlation structure
Assessment
highestscoring human­rodent
phenotypic variation
sensitive
eutherian comparisons
drawback
Identifying candidate
generated whole-genome
development
arbitrary parameter
Institute
Analysis
conservation consistent
aggregate
Trade-offs
nevertheless
significant nonmammalian
Elnitski
divergence decreases
highspecificity prediction
Whole-genome noncoding
distances
Similarly
noncoding constraint
alternative
benchmark regulatory
benchmark eleutherian
mammalian regulatory
mouse­frog
acceptable true-positive
Rubin,1,2
disparity
Although
significant conservation
noncoding functional
vertebrate Iroquois
Annotation
Programs
nonmammalian conservation
regulatory potential
consensus
long-range embryonic
arbitrary
alignments
transgenesis
protein-coding
Rodriguez-Seguel
mouse­fish
Minovitsky
Application
prioritization
human­mouse
functional prediction
Although human­fish
mouse­rat
averaging
endogenous developmental
equivalent
prosimian
percentile
Wasserman
Altschul
huStacked
Engstrom
Sandford
comparison
identified cis-regulatory
considerwhen
Generation
practical
important
mammalian evolution
insufficient
theoretical prediction
accessible
permutation-based
selutionary divergence
Cumulative
Identification
false-positive
proportional
Pennacgene
statistics
Thangarajah
LAPennacchio
non-coding sequences
DIALIGN
PARAGON
conservation
subregions
conceivable
synthesis
pufferfish
Ultraconserved
null-model
Bioinformatics
Quantitative
constitute
substitutions/site
Jan-Fang
systematic benchmarking
characteristic
pre-existing functional
endogenous expression
achieving
Conservation
acceptable sensitivity
Large-scale clustering
noncoding regulatory
distribution
transcriptional
Efficient
phylogenetic
statistical significance
encompass
chromosome
circular-tour
Noncoding
nonmammal
evolutionary dissimian
developmental expression
large-scale functional
nonexonic positions
human­fugu
regulatory divergence
significant correlation
specificity developmental
transcription-cofactor
fixed-length alignment
tribution
suppression
Mullikin
neocortex
structure
CalleMustienes
human­rodent conserved
algorithm
sensitivtral divergence
fracpositive
tradeoff
P-values comparable
man­rodent
functional noncoding
resolution
enrichment
