`sociology
whatsovever
`authoritative
negational
`Evidence
knowledge transformation
place–Making
controversial
Department
Second-Hand Knowledge
relativistic Dirac-Slater
irrelevant
technique
Fleischmann
investigation
Bibliometrics Information
`Visualizing
claim–the discovery
straightforward
courtesy–A
interpreting
Cumulative advantage
`professional
categories
Reference
CITATION CONTEXTS
humanistic
papers–Neglected
fastmoving
scholarly communication–An
Luukkonen
pragmatic
Sociologist
MacRoberts
communities–A longitudinal
MacRobertses
threshold
Discourse
Organization
replicable bibliometric
substitute
worthlessness
dissertation
Barnbrook
conÆrmational
scientists
Weinstock
sense–reiteration
norms-based sociology
multivariate
bibliographic
Documentation
topicality
According
granularity
represented
neuropharmacology
information scientists
conviction
technical
still-dishevelled
Murugesan
Wonderland
Technology
implies–has
citing–for
Constitution
classification
psychological
name-dropping
integrating rhetorical
uniformity
folk-theory
Typically
cross-textual
Oppenheim
`orienting
self-reference
librametrics–
standardized
successful
Wittgenstein
Encyclopedia
particular
Revisited
interdisciplinary information
conventionalized
Edinburgh University
descriptor
`Corroborative
network-analytic
adjectival categories
scientific articles–Experiments
phenomenon `obliteration
implicitness
CITATION ANALYSIS
literature–for
Scholarly Communication
intratextual
intercitation
information
advantage
syntactic
Commununication
discussion
attachment
widespread
persuasion
intelligent
exemplify
Essentially
description
`dispensable
content-laden
inessential
high-energy
self-citation
concentrating
Sociology–An International
theoretical orientation
summarization
persuasiveness
Standards Miscellaneous
`crossover
Community
dispensable
negligible
titles–one
deconstruction
reØectedglory
idiosyncratic
discourse community
exclusive
evolutionary
truthfulness
selfreference
theoretical integration
Knowledge MacRoberts
statistical
`Reassessing
synonymy
agricultural
Manufacture
linguistics
exclusion
interesting
Philosophy
`Comparing
counterargument
`Physicists
Experimental
brute-force recognition
`Bibliometrics
information science–and
Excluding
universalistic
encouraging
framework
professional knowledge
permissible
courtship
constructivism Information
Non-native
`Referencing
discourse-analytic
juxtapositional
crossdisciplinary
philosophical
magnitude
REFERENCES
basic/subsidiary
Statistics
Information scientists
generation
Washington
metadiscourse
additional explanatory
`Frequency
frequency
classiÆed citations–by
measurement
stratiÆcation
connectible
Construction
small-scale
acknowledgment
integrative
sociological
INFORMATION SCIENCE
knowledge–A
CONTENT ANALYSES
`Reexamining
`Literature
University
divergence
`Problems
possibility
GarÆeld±Weinstock
Cambridge
correctness
Salager-Meyer
simpliÆed
concept±symbol
Langridge
Foundational
Linguistics
industrial
Humanities
researcher
variables
synonymous
Contemporary Sociology–An
Territories
Sociological
Significance
Quarterly
impossible
reØected-glory
synthesizing
illustrate
`Sociology
stereotyping
publication
Scientific Publication
introduction
Scisearch
classiÆcation scheme–GarÆeld
judgements
assumption
referencing `respected
realization
molecular
consistent
ClassiÆcation
Arbor–Ciencia
Cambridge University
relationship
Widespread unwarranted
information science–Domain
dissemble
`Academic attribution
Argumentative
Statistical Association
Disciplines
well-cited
Methodological
extracting
Sociology
`ClariÆcational
Generally
Philadelphia
prestigious
Bibliographical
supervision
scientific persuasion
`Scattering
foundational
boilerplate
communicative
Scientists
equipment
vice-versa
Invisible
rhetoric-1st
`co-occurring
paraphrase
established
Computers
providing background
intentions
`Summarizing scientific
organization
achievement
so-called
corpus-linguistic
conduciveness
replications
Leviathan
principle
enterprise
professional
CONCLUSION
subject-matter
sophisticated integration
Zuckerman
Communication Berkenkotter
`verb-oriented
Obviously
longevity
physics–Spectroscopic
inconsistent
persuasively
Disciplinary Discourses
geography
Heisenberg
multidisciplinary
indicator
Tagliacozzo
knowledge
citations–by categorizing
proportion
operational
Perfunctory
dissembling
reward–which
predecessor
`Measuring
Nevertheless
unimportant
underlying principle
multi-paper summarization
referencing
knowledge claim–the
ascriptive
Remembering
refutational
linguistics–a
coalescence
`Identitycreators
analysis–A
Intellectual
uncertainty principle
analytical
implication
automatic
`Rethinking
documents–A
erroneous
Credibility
peripheral
innovative
review-synthesis
individual
Handbook
substantiating
Edinburgh
`Intertextual connections
`connectional
Jovanovich
Øamboyant
Technical Communication
Wisconsin
`Introducing
signiÆcant
inappropriate
INTRODUCTION
distinctive
sociolinguistic
`Referential
conceptual
`Persuasion
discovery
cited-reference
comparable
infrastructure
complementary
Berkenkotter
physicist
space-saving
conference-going
hypothesis
understanding
Scientific
motivations
metalinguistic
purpose-laden
rhetoric-first
influential
connection
DISCOURSE ANALYSIS
Laboratory
contribution
experimental
relativity
diachronic
continuation
Discussion
Published
scientific discourse
disciplinary
done–live
`Comparative investigation
epistemology
Literature
described
`universalistic
acceptance
Professional Communication
California
commonality underlying
indicators
linguistic
parenthetical expression
Knorr-Cetina
non-citation
obliteration phenomenon
representative
Professional
importance
`blamelessness
Information Technology
`Normative
disconnected
Classification
Interdisciplinarity
empirical
`disastrous
MOTIVATIONS
multi-sentence
reiteration
Professional scientists
sociocognitive perspective
comparative
disciplinary knowledge
technology
interdisciplinary
identiÆes–these
Scientometrics
discourse
complicated judgements
acknowledging–each
hermeneutic
independent
literature
Institute
comprehensive
automation
allocation
nontextual
perfunctory
concordance
Festschrift
Information Processing
substantive
`Reputation
quantitative
collective intelligence
chemistry
scholarship
Leinhardt
consciousness
Similarly
self-mention
`Characteristics
alternative
termmatching
scattering
coordination
nonintegral
discipline
`Visualization
bibliography
grammatical
scholarly communication–Editor
Dimitroff
contexts–except
Although
relevance
disproportionate
Knowledge Organization
Saracevic
`Agreement
judgement
`Self-citation
formulaic
descending
background
Behavioral
symbolism
emergence
necessary
qualitative
`Consistency
informative
algorithmic summarization
`reØected
substandard
StratiÆcation
Conference
Wul-Barreiro
Management
functional
small-scale empirical
`Classification
authority
revisionist follow-up
Application
characterize disciplinary
hereditary carcinogenesis
`suggesting
questionnaire
publication-based
recognition
confusing
MacDonald
sociology
communication–An interpretation
`Boundary
cited–something
`negativity
contrasting
appears–for
processing
multivalent
Proceedings
Computational Linguistics
similarity
`misconceived
classiÆcation
analysing
constructivist
comparison
scientific knowledge
`Persuasive communities–A
intellectual influence
Reference Characteristics
persuades
discussed
colon–ScientiÆc
Anglicana Turkuensia
Practical Introduction
contending
Knowledge
communication
interview-based studies–Shadish
intellectual
Duplicate
geophysical
approaches– Traditional
conÆrmative
portrayal
Knowledge–A Festschrift
citer-motivation
cocitation
Unwarranted
CLASSIFYING CITATIONS
categorization
additional
`spurious
ANALYSIS REVISITED
`important
detectable
particular technique
rhetorical
CONTRIBUTIONS
Mechanized
synthesis
Leydesdor
methodological
specialty
subjective
construction
incorporation
convergence
`Achievement
`Evidential
`ceremonial
neuropharmacological
persuasion hypothesis
Extraction
characteristic
Evaluative Bibliometrics
Self-mention
organic/perfunctory dichotomy
Pragmatics
Engineering
`respected
extra-scientiÆc
COCITATION ANALYSIS
labour-intensive classiÆcation
Technololgy
universalist
inclusive
Introduction
contribute
Philosophical Transactions
`Graphing
universalism
goal-setting
Francisco
completeness
scientific literature
authoritative
concordancing
sentence–for
scholarly
application
reputation
publications-based
interpretable
linguistics/discourse
Structure
bibliometric community
vocabulary
1977±78
mechanical
`Variation
selfcitation
bibliographic information
metalevel documentation
Miscellaneous Publication
`Bartlett
structure
psychology
Moravcsik
Chronologically
syntactical
Communicative Syllabus
conceptual/operational dichotomy
neighbouring
presenting
Pensamiento
Apparently
Artificial Intelligence
Geography
