exclusive
selection
foldering
Similarly
HUBERMAN
taxonomy
`popular
displayed
valuable
Information Retrieval
bookmarks decreasing
frequency
Folksonomies
synonymy
stabilization
demonstrate `burstiness
`rediscovered
subjects
geography
bookmarked
difference
weblogging community
Bookmark Bookmark
implementation
proportion
resorting
hierarchy
formation demonstrate
Reflecting
Additionally
Economic Perspectives
Phuwanartnurak
stochastic
prominent
decreasing frequency
collective sensemaking
descriptive
advantage
Identifying
Nevertheless
Raghavan
innovation
different replacement
background
practical usefulness
intersection
widespread
categories
secondary
following
evolution
chronological
cognitive
Information Professionals
remarkable stability
identifying
Influence
applicable
capability
informative
hypothetical researcher
Imitation
reasonable
Analyzing Variation
`folksonomy
accessible
performing
Biddulph
individuals
reference
reasonable likelihood
Zeitschrift
consistent
Currently
Bikhchandani
searching
Specifically
information retrieval
plausible
keywords
individual
perspective
recommendation
sensemaking
subordinate
Statistik verkettete
organizing
Pustejovsky
Schachter
description
Available
consensus
describing
Collaborative
systematic variation
organizing electronic
\articles\cats\africa
Overwhelmingly
continual interests
boundaries
Cultural
bookmarking
Formation
meaningful
Honolulu
Delicious community
frequently
Metadata
homonymy
informational
classification
attention
Eggenberger
Introducing
importance
selecting
University
javascript
commercial
Experiments demonstrate
possibility
agreement
Keywords
CiteULike
disastrous
Published
verkettete Vorgänge
principle
Typically
non-hierarchical
experience
knowledge
non-exclusive
contagion
technical
`well-connected
ever-increasing
programming
contradiction
interesting alternative
Budapest
Delicious
Organizational
\articles\africa
Bookmarks
estimation
navigation
Cloudalicious
compromising
regardless
ownership
tagging-based
Obstfeld
problematic
collective usefulness
successive
technologies
Superficially
appropriate
Therefore
information intrinsic
specificity
impossible
bookmarks
Professionals Additional
establish
folksonomy
Conclusion
unambiguous
inapplicable
categorization
additional
retrieving
bookmark
beginning
extrinsic
prevalence
Organizing Knowledge
Downloaded
establish categories
structure
convention
linguistic
task-related information
fuzziness
Furthermore
interests
Comparison
relationship
Structure
something
Generative
participating
Delicious interface
convergence
Adjectives
hierarchical
authority
particular
vagueness
bookmark represent
necessarily imperfect
television
Ontology
polysemous
Madhavan
Cognitive Psychology
probabilistic
keyword-based
Technorati
categorizing
conducting keyword-based
Expertise
Relatedly
Communication
Synonymy
distribution
conformity
continuum
Conference
Information
computer-mediated collaborative
Depending
Introduction
characteristics
universal
influence
locations
exogenous
Empirically
expertise
imitation
International
Tagclouds
Correspondence
information
different
retrospective
proliferation
employment
discussion
Sutcliffe
potential
Cambridge
`librarian
taxonomies
Brookfield
Sensemaking
difficult
fruitless
Angewandte Mathematik
collecting information
literature
reconsider
newfound
collaborative
Cooperative Classification
Collective
Computing
educational
self-sustaining
coordinate
significant
distinction
aggregate
librarian
horizontal
opportunity
inconsistency
Hirshleifer
Delicious `popular
nevertheless
popularity
unifying characteristic
analysis
Examples
inspirational
decreasing
Chartered Institute
Accordingly
distinction important
Overrated
