Eisenberger
represent
DA14883
remarkable
Agent-Specific Responses
Bushnell
screen_s
manipulation
-dominated
Giesbrecht
integration
underlying
computation
Emotional
Department
powerful behavioral
Georgieff
Sommerville
Supporting
reciprocal interaction
REPORTS Agent-Specific
Consequently
Economic Exchanges
anteriorposterior
Theoretical Neuroscience
encounter afterward
Although
Rainville
presentation
identical
cross-cingulate analysis
Jeannerod
permission
Woldorff
activation
possible
Analysis
functional
Meltzoff
principal component
difficult
Montague1,2 Interactions
subjects interacting
difference
prominent
Hardy-Bayle
complementary activity
cingulate activation
submission
Calculation
cognition
Agent-specific
surrounding paracingulate
Washington
analogous presentation
realistic
Quartz,3
magnitude
conflict
repayment
Liberzon
responsiveness
Neuropsychologia
economic exchange
Flaherty
Weissman
cross-paracingulate correlation
agent-specific
California Institute
interoceptive
measurable
Specifically
cognitive
selectivity
responsive
computer
Baron-Cohen
investment
200-subject database
capacity
Williams
Cross-cingulate
Cingulate
valuable information
compensation
manipulations
experiment
cooperation
Camerer,3
consecutive
Advanced
player_s
available
supporting
Cross-cingulate principal
Component Analysis
submitting
exchange
SCIENCE
component analysis
Impersonal
possibility
standard
implementing
Botvinick
variation
cross-cingulate correlation
emotional
consideration
meaningful
afterward
knowledge
error-related
unidentified
Pfeiffer
consistent
technical
December
likelihood
Neuropsychopharmacology
dependence
reputation building
sensitive
HighWire
subsequent encounter
tit-for-tat
resonance
Technology
progression
subject_s
alternate
Psychology
Copyright
variables
Advancement
outcomes
appropriate
simultaneous hemodynamic
software implementation
multifunctional
multiround exchange
anterior-posterior
mechanisms necessary
revelation
posterior cingulate
reasonable interpretation
trademark
Downloaded
important possibility
distinguishing
partner_s
reciprocity
predominance
two-person economic
Neuroscience
sensitivity
Association
Neurological Disorders
generating
Chaminade
diversity
Princeton
reciprocity represent
cross-cingulate
Alternately
three-dimensional correlation
prediction
posterior
dramatic
systematic
particular
Psychiatry
surprising
King-Casas,1
King-Casas
Tetreault
observed
exception
responding
theory-of-mind
reciprocal
completion
independent component
Cognitive Neuroscience
impersonal
region-of-interest analysis
individual
significant differentiation
amplitude
Likewise
following
demonstrate
diagrams
Information
multiround economic
DA11723
provocative
MH52797
2Department
Hyperscan Development
Philadelphia
Neuroscience Laboratory
Lieberman
obstacle
Neuroreport
Cichocki
disappear
information
different
Williamson
participant
behavioral dimension
Independent Component
responsible
mechanism
Understanding
Experiment Management
Gallagher
phenotype
uncertainty
paracingulate analysis
Processing
Nieuwenhuis
interactive economic
psychological mechanisms
prerequisite
others_s
development
simplicity
multiple
Division
assignment
decision-making
unimodal
collection
important
NS045790
significant
Dougherty
Neuroimaging Laboratory
degree-of-credit
exposure
Critchley
Neuroimage
Foundation
correlate
cingulate
high-resolution
activation observed
yielding
Hyvarinen
agentspecific mechanisms
fundamental
consistency
Statistical comparison
