represent
two-dimensional
anteroposterior
gangliathalamocortical
Department
Hikosaka
Incentive-Based
thalamostriatal
influence reward-based
demonstrate
stochastic
presentation
subgenual
cellular
ACC/OFC
determine convergence
potentiation
stimulus
induction
reward-guided selection
glutamatergic thalamic
craniotomy
extensive PFC­striatal
three-dimensional-rendered reconstructions
Dissociable functions
inspection
three-dimensional
McIntosh
pentobarbital
consistent
prediction
recruitment
grade/bidirectional
cingulostriatal projection
sequential
excitatory
reconstruction
integrative processing
ventromedial
retrospective revaluation
following ventromedial
respectively
orbitofrontal
component
corticobasal
following
separation
Distribution
respiration
incentive-related
throughput
extensive convergence
resonance
pathological
Crutcher
topography
Distributed
Therefore
extensive reward-related
anatomical
magnification
Neuroscience
cryoprotectant
particular
performance monitoring
amygdala
Feedforward inhibition
integrating
corticostriatal projections
information processing
Amygdaloid projections
striaanti-FR
addictive
2Department
intravenous injection
Pasupathy
striunique combinatorial
interneurons
Synaptic convergence
information
respective
monitoring
Pharmacology
Activation
Reward-dependent
reward-based
corticostriatal information
Carmichael
Correspondence
modulation
anti-PHA-L
processing necessary
neuroimaging
connectivity
GoldmanRakic
Synaptic organization
correlate
free-floating
detertral
complexity
fundamental
addiction
stereotaxic
Hollerman
Boundaries
responsive
Cromwell
Providing
longitudinal
Copyright
dACC/OFC
Coordinated activation
Substrate
combination
anterior/posterior placement
projections PHA-L-positive
cognition
Martindale
Connections
forebrain
associative
vmPFC/dACC/OFC
financial
determine
learning-related
Dickinson
laboratory
operation
Shepherd
Connectional
interference
integrative
Nakamura
Contamination
evaluation
University
ascending
functional territories
formation
Architecture
Universite
beginning
interaction
prominent caudally
medial/lateral
diaminobenzidine tetra-hydrochloride
long-term strategic
Invitrogen
accumbens
PFC­striatal projecdeveloped
specificity
corticostriatal projection
differfuse projections
illustrate
endogenous peroxidase
Mitchell
ventricle
Physiology
Alexander
relationship
Rushworth
immediate
Funahashi
Associative
population
anterior/posterior
accordance
Goldman-Rakic
commissure
red/purple
projections
motivation
Intercellulaires
GABAergic interneurons
dendritic
sensorimotor
interdigitation
occupied
vulnerable
Philippe Mailly,3
mechanism
References Alexander
emphasis
Cortico-striate projections
different anteroposterior
objective
Collective
innervate
significant
topographic
placement
O'Donnell
Instruments
traditional
additional processing
striato-nigro-striatal
ipsilateral
3Neurobiologie
projection phosphate
principal
proportion
Vectastain
intramuscular injection
Convergence
thalamic glutamatergic
Fluororuby
expectation
dorsal/ventromedial/lateroanterior/posterior
reward-related information
penetrate
Reward-predicting
conjunction
procedures
secondary
rostrocaudal
substrate
transposition
Washington
Lefebvre
Phaseolus vulconsisting
Anticipation
Rochester
reference
cognitive territories
connections
individual
Handbook
processing reward-related
Different underlying
electrode
Photomicrographs
plasticity
Neurophysiol
reward-based incentive
Colchester
anterograde
Synaptic
achitecture
Differential
hippocampus
Neocortical
Cingulate
importance
attention
Nakahara
contamination
fisulcus
neuroanatomy
intrinsic connections
behavior-related
sensitive
retrograde
long-term
Laboratory
experimental
Temperature
somatosensory
Discussion
interface
Corticocortical
cortico-caudate
Hitzemann
dorsal/ventral
convergent projection
Injections
intromedial
Keimyung University
venorganized
incubation
differand
corticocortical
territory
Comparison
corresponding
reward-related
Tremblay
deSurgery
nemestrina
microtome
representative
Parthasarathy
low-frequency stimulation
substantial
cortico-striato-midbrain
Additional
Nonetheless
Furthermore
Bjorklund
concentration
Recherche Scientifique
different
saccadic
Collectively
demonstration
Behavioral/Systems/Cognitive Reward-Related
development
interweaving
different prefrontal
gel-coated
cortico-basal
Corticostriatal
reward-based behavioral
necessity
anatomical substrate
correspondent
cingulate
analysis
goal-directed
short-latency
organization
underlying
incentive
burst-firing
alignment
visualization
superficial
different rewardprocessing
Modulation
dopaminergic
alternate
oculomotor
Although
relevance
Injection
Immunoreactivity
Behavioral
fluprojection
necessary
cognitive
anticipatory
collective
acetylcholinesterase
Influence
specific
MicroBrightfield
essential
centromedial
University Committee
Striatonigrostriatal
compartmentation
supplementary
immediate reinforcement
perirhinal projections
Yamawaki
dorsolateral prefrontal
incentive-based
integration
rewarding
Passingham
Interface
brainstem glutamatergic
Kunishio
processing
Microscopy
methylphenidate
restructuring
predictability
Calzavara1 1Department
Neurobiol
fascicularis
different rostrocaudal
converging
functional
rendering
Lynd-Balta
Neurolucida
Different prefrontal
Mizobuchi
cocaine-addicted
McFarland
Dorsolateral
Ramanathan
Correlated
fast-spiking GABAergic
motivational
nigrostriatal
convergence
selectivity
Bullmore
contrarather
combinatorial activation
verification
emotional
distribution
rewardresponsive activation
Immunocytochemistry
Introduction
Schematic
glutamatergic
anesthesia
functions
Longitudinal topography
suzanne_haber
venanterior
reward-related striunique
ammonium
parametric functional
important
different reward-processing
evolutionary expansion
hippocampal
Prediction
Takikawa
projections converged
behavioral
callosum
Prefrontal
Mastronarde
