significant difference
increased interaction
domain-domain interactions
systematic
similarity
interaction frequency
PF00008 PF00533
statistical
participate
differentiation
availability
Interacting
signalling Toll-like
indicator
trade-off
network-wide
Interactions
susceptible
Apoptosis
DISCUSSION
proportion
inter-quartile
Caenorhabditis
Uncovering
publication
Lethality
DNA-binding
decomposition
extensive
`interface
suppressor
self-contained
correspondence
PF00439 PF00531
frequency distribution
dependent
protein-protein interactions
orthology-based
non-overlapping clustering
PF00531 PF00178
Consortium
Cytokine-cytokine interaction
indication
probability
Evolutionary
promiscuous structural
clustering algorithm
communities
Interactome-transcriptome
difference
Non-cancer
categories
Inferring
network-based
processes
community identification
Neuroactive ligandreceptor
Death-domain Ets-domain
Reference
Formstecher
Sensitivity
identifying
composition
informative
right-hand
Zinc-finger
component
comprehensive two-hybrid
reasonable
prediction reliability
biological
Ashburner
Distributions
accumulation
Discovering regulatory
Clustering
predictive
Mammalian Protein-Protein
constructing
reference
Systematic identification
robustness
peripheral
protein-network
prediction
proteinprotein interaction
Paired-box
individual
interactome Clustering
orthologous interactions
implemented
PF00856 PF00076
recognition
domain-domain interaction
Adipocytokine signalling
Development
highlighting
incompatible
INTRODUCTION
automatic identification
Interactome
importance
Construction
identification
inflammation
structural information
Preferential attachment
PF00643
participation
discovery
available
SH3-domain Bromodomain
mammalian protein-protein
TNFR/NGFR cysteine-rich
respectively
processing
Protein-Protein Interaction
homologues
Adipocytokine
PF00069 PF00628
interaction promiscuity
extensive genomewide
distinguish
membership distribution
Eisenberg
likelihood
proteinprotein connectivity
additional
noncancer
Saccharomyces cerevisiae
higher-than-expected interaction
Probability
dependence
essential
important
breakdown
functional diversity
Specificity
consequence
complicated
approaching
non-cancer
annotation Immunoglobulin
examining
computational
clique-clique
transduction TGF-beta
communication
Identification
interaction connectivity
community
unification
Comparing
cancerous
Statistics
REFERENCES
topological
non-redundant
specificity
Increasing
community structure
clustering
community assignment
confidence
protein-interaction
PHD-finger Zinc-finger
Biomolecular Modelling
Modelling Laboratory
overlapping community
Carbohydrate metabolism
non-cancer counterparts
centrality
Connectivity
regulation
SET-domain
detrimental
non-cancer population
Bioinformatics
Salwinski
community membership
conceivable
increased connectivity
Jak-STAT Adipocytokine
sensitivity
Supplementary information
ppromiscuity-value
alongside
different k-cluster
sufficient
interesting
overlapping
co-occurrence
PF00292 PF00856
construction
transduction Adipocytokine
ppromiscuity
particular
signalling TGF-beta
population
abundance
supplementary
Bromodomain Death-domain
molecular
transduction Jak-STAT
evolution
characteristic
interactomes
signalling Adipocytokine
protein-protein interaction
extensive communities
overlapping communities
Conserved
molecular interaction
scientific community
reproduction
sequence-based
phenotypic
distribution
modulation
Information
Leukocyte
topological distinction
ORIGINAL
Furthermore
PF00533 PF00010
Evolution
Regulation
Attribution Non-Commercial
TGF-beta Neuroactive
non-commercial
ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
Percentage
transduction
information
different
PF00010 PF00292
completeness
Associate
Interestingly
propensity
degredation
functionality
interconnection
genome-wide
Difference
comprehensive experimental
ABSTRACT Motivation
evolutionary conservation
machinery
development
ligandreceptor interaction
Lichtenberg
description
Institute
comprehensive
Functional organization
interactome
evolutionary distinction
collection
complexes
high-throughput experimental
carcinoma
PF00097 PF00855
significant
percolation clustering
first-draft
toxicity-modulating
intrinsic
increased frequency
structure
Predictive
microarray expression
PF00628 PF00097
observation
Drosophila
bioinformatics/
Community
Topological structure
principle
correlation
descending
Cytoskeleton
validation
enrichment
CONCLUSION
