perovskite-type
principal technique
database19
Subsequent
superlattice
combining heterointerfacial
Department
existence
Supplementary Information
Foundation
Scientific
Christopher
relevance
analogous
Acknowledgements
transformation
Evolution
unrenormalized
synthesizing
dissimilar
graphtheoretical representation
framework
Vespignani
high-pressure
stability
evolution
substrate
probability distribution
lengthscale
box-covering
Escherichia
`small-world
biological
clustergrowing
Networks
Therefore
Interacting Proteins16,17
length-scaleinvariant topology
unexpected
financial
classical
metabolic
renormalized
Bollobas
high-vacuum molecular
well-prepared single-stepped
inhomogeneous
individual
power-law distribution
deliberate
fundamental properties
Singapore
three-component ferroelectric
artificial
thickness
replacing
Caenorhabditis elegans18
invariant
Chisholm
`box-counting
discovery
available
layer-by-layer
paraelectric
importance
respectively
equivalent
attention
collective behaviour
fundamental length-scale
understanding
Different averaging
large-scale organization
deposition
coarse-graining
possibility
separation
boxcovering
self-organization
logarithmic
interests statement
strontium
Cambridge
physical properties
scale-free
protein­protein interaction
Surprisingly
contradiction
Statistical
Laboratory
individual perovskite
self-similarity
integrated-pathway
self-similar properties
stilllimited understanding
ferroelectric superlattices
Comparing
length-scale
experimental realization
formidable
Approach
Theoretical
scale-free properties
self-similar exponents
cluster-growing
log-normal distribution
self-similar
excellent ferroelectric
Invariance
conducting-film
exponents
Faloutsos
JANUARY
`scale-free
electrical characterization
fulgidus
neighbour
Equivalently
hierarchical
constituent
Emergence
epitaxial engineering
`diameter
Bar-Ilan University
exponential
accordance
characteristic
challenge
Phenomena
empirical
theoretical
Supplementary
euclidean
biochemical
Demonstration
interface structure
scalefree
Publishing
Barabasi
calculation
Furthermore
preserving
scale-invariant renormalization
Self-similar
renormalization procedure
Empirically
world-wide
fabricating
`cluster-growing
demonstration
Heidelberg
physical
Correspondence
Division
different
length-scale invariant
stoichiometry
Archaeoglobus fulgidus
small-world
mechanism
ferroelectric behaviour
application
asymmetric three-component
Tennessee
Overbeek
schematic
significance
difficult
single-unit-cell
Structure
conclusion
asymmetric properties
network8­11
percolation
Institute
Collective
Condensed
atomic-scale
connectivity
polarization enhancement
renormalizing
Dorogovtsev
Biological
homogeneous
Self-similarity
structure
so-called
Disordered
effective
calculated
box-counting
Probability distribution
scale-invariant properties
high-throughput
Competing interests
strontium ruthenate
selfsimilar properties
`smallworld
dimension
