similarity
glucocorticoid-resistant
physicochemical
Zembrowski
Supporting
therapeutics
physiological
phenothiazine
prostaglandin
endogenous
activities
apoptosis
High-throughput
Enrichment
4,5-dianilinophthalimide
immunosuppressant
Reference
applicable
clozapine
prochlorperazine
pharmacologic modulation
consistent
age-matched
replicates
RESEARCH ARTICLES
feasibility
aliphatic
lymphoblastic
established
charcoal-stripped
Natsoulis
sufficient diversity
Escherichia
dexamethasoneresistant
commercial
understanding
represented
intrabatch vehicle-treated
precursor
reference collection
Blanchard
throughput
permutation
Technology
nonsignature
Permutation
analyzing
conventional
piperidine
gene-expression responses
Ramakrishnan
fundamental challenge
rank-ordered
chlorpromazine
BConnectivity
triterpenoid
HDAC-inhibitory
whole-animal
lowconcentration chlorpromazine
particular
biomedicine
Schreiber
uncharacterized
mammalian
gedunin-treated
signature-definition
highest-scoring compounds
following
inhibitor
phenothiazine antipsychotic
antagonists
2Department
calculation
obtaining structural
serendipity
fulvestrant
transduction
information
Gonzalez-Sierra
prognosis
glucocorticoid resistance
peroxisome
bracketing
deacetylase inhibitors
connectivity
arachidonic
horizontal
pattern-matching
effective
biochemical followup
complexity
correlation
leukotreine
Web-based
interpretation
nonparametric
anti-inflammatory
stability
experimental activation
nonepithelial
antipsychotic compounds
interesting
estimating
biomedical
correspondence
estrogenic
gene-expression signatures
corresponding connectivity
transparent
structural
significant enrichment
installment
community Connectivity
Connections
appropriate physiological
characterized
Subramanian
generation
drug-resistant
Crawford,1
breakthrough
Biomedical
trifluoperazine
nonneural
interference
viability
corresponding intrabatch
inhibitory concentration
Pattern-matching algoquery
phenothazine
cyclooxygenase/lipoxygenase inhibitors
University
17a-estradiol
anti-apoptotic
perturbation
Cambridge
methylation
September
non­cell-autonomous
consequence
high-resolution
Copyright
researcher
Phenothiazine
Administration
encouraging
specificity
illustrate
Buniversal
Connectivity
triplicate
construct
stimulation
Downloaded
antiseizure
perturbations
perturbagen vorinostat
chemotherapy
neurotransmitter
molecular
Association
Immunoblotting
drug-sensitive
signaling
translation
epidermal
Horikoshi
microtiter
piperazine
Concentration
­approved
ARTICLES nectivity
suberoylanilide hydroxamic
Hieronymus
Sirolimus
distinguishable geneexpression
substantial
perturbagen haloperidol
concentration
diet-induced
transcription
responsible
mechanism
Clemons,1
troglitazone
carcinoma
Pediatric
reference expression
estromimetic
Massachusetts Institute
interacting
observation
surprising
considered
compounds
traditional
high-throughput
principle
duplication
differential expression
signatures
genomewide
different phenothiazine
adipogenesis
trichostatin
Jean-Philippe
Gene-Expression Signatures
parameters
vorinostat
dissimilar
meanwhile
dependent
generalizable
expression­based
Dana-Farber
antagonist
secondary
Perturbagens
Armstrong,2,3
substrate
BCR-ABL
anti-estrogenic connections
cell-based small-molecule
Washington
analytical
alternative signature-based
sensitivity
stereoisomer
Specifically
individual
bone-marrow
Gene-expression signatures
attempting
identification
discovery
available
hippocampus
FDA-approved
hierarchical clustering
Ricciarelli
inhibitor sirolimus
Meijerink
FLT3-ITD
Tamoxifen
Lander,1,5,6
Arachidonic
First-Generation Connectivity
BIOLOGICAL
estimation
expression
batch-to-batch biological
Ultimately
Diet-induced
glucocorticoid dexamethasone
Information
Discussion
Vanderhoek
rosiglitazone
Haggarty,1,4
functional annotation
trademark
PROFILES
California
formalized
diversity
abrogating
discernible
representative
systematic
practicality
related-content
gene-expression
empirical
technical
optimization
medicinal
characterizing
Additional
microarrays
Furthermore
rapamycin
technology
geldanamycin
administration
microarray
INTEREST
downregulation
alpha-estradiol
biological responses
independent
Institute
comprehensive
Kolmogorov-Smirnov statistic
published
transitory
dexamethasone concentation
REFERENCE DATABASE
Laboratory
opportunity
compendium
prostaglandin synthesis
mechanistic understanding
Conceivably
Similarly
smallmolecule
Ellwood-Yen
ribosomal
Molecular
SEPTEMBER
intersubunit
Dexamethasone resistance
different gene-selection
large-scale community
dexamethasone sensitivity
Hieronymus,1,2
Hollander
dexamethasone resistance
identifying
Endocrinology
raloxifene
indication
therapeutic
antiestrogen fulvestrant
gedunin-mediated inhibition
rank-based pattern-matching
SIGNATURE
thioridazine
short-term
Nonparametric Statistical
Complexed
pathogenesis
up-regulated
Alzheimer
incomplete Connectivity
limitations
SCIENCE
HDACinhibitory
highresolution structures
Signature
short-duration
comparison
Altshuler
3Department
functional connections
cell-free
obtaining
Advancement
geneexpression
Identification
false-positive
Molecules
pharmaceutical
additional
down-regulated
Affymetrix
hierarchical
attainable
candidacy
fluphenazine
demonstrate
perturbagen trifluoperazine
haloperidol
HSP90-interacting
epithelial
statistical significance
Subramanian,1
Weixlbaumer
antidiabetic
Unabridged
Francisco
signature-based patternmatching
reference gene-expression
Structure
perturbagen fulvestrant
thioridazine fluphenazine
Gene-expression
biological connections
important
anti-estrogenic
structure
corresponding
estrogen-free
obtaining permission
perturbagen arachidonic
nonphenothiazine
resolution
enrichment
