Pharmacogenomics
discordant
Although knowledge
Supporting
Columbia
technique
highquality
stochastic
advantage
Correlation structure
anonymous
unrelated
case-control association
HighWire
nonrandom
consistent
perspective
Ciliberto
Nakayama
substantial structure
sequential
Vanderbilt University
supporting
additional knowledge
functional significance
whole-genome
genotyping
whole-genome analysis
investigating
Analytical
Distribution
Morenzoni
Selection
correlation structure
etiology
Segregating
inference
VandenHengel
segregating
undergone
uniformity
Kamigaki
technical assistance
stringent threshold
Bioinformatics
assessment
Romualdi
large-scale structure
successful
Nonsynonymous
particular
nucleotide diversity
single-base
Characterization
population-specific
ancestryinformative
Konvicka
Substantial
following
appropriate representation
Conference
Perspectives
California­San
telomeric heterochromatin
Pre-Columbian
concordant
information
redundancy
downstream
innumerable
description
Settlement
collection
horizontal
meaningful
annotation
effective
recombination
complexity
expression
correlation
representation
Neurogenetics
Pritchard
unsuitable
statistical
Admixture
existence
cardiovascular
substantial population
Copyright
Cockerham
interesting
Anthropology
platform
highdensity oligonucleotide
correspondence
Evolution
combination
Mesoamerica
functional
framework
Complexity
Frazer,1
Case-control
susceptibility
nonsynonymous
Pennacchio
probeflanking
contiguous
frequency
Activation Analysis
Dumbarton
Genotypes
AfricanAmerican
Conceptualizacion
non-Etlatongo
investigation
near-perfect
Variation Collection
Cambridge
Rosenberg
September
determining
African-American
proteincoding
high-resolution
Wadsworth
manuscript
synonymous
population attributable
Glascock
Populations
Downloaded
Association
exploring
relationship
Pethiyagoda
Whole-Genome
immediate
Genome-wide association
environmental
constituent
disequilibrium
population
physical distribution
iteration
individual
corticotropin-releasing
providing
david_cox
Information
2International
laboratory information
substantial divergence
instrumentation
FEBRUARY
Patterson
correlation coefficient
responsible
African-American European-American
most-correlated
single-nucleotide
extending
retaining
transcript
Ninety-four
Consistent
partition
disease-associated
selection
Mirambell
accession
threshold
availability
Biotechnology Information
proportion
admixture
equilibrium
expectation
psychiatric
conjunction
Iconography
Nochixtlan
Washington
University Publications
architecture
incomplete ascertainment
sensitivity
California Institute
Physical Environment
ascertainment
polymorphic
Karbowski
information management
ss24731426
identification
approach
Tenochtitlan
discovery
available
variability
attention
throughput genotyping
hypothesis
analyzed
Prehistory
tractable
Individual
whole-genome association
Joralemon
contribution
Conversely
otherwise
characterization
stringent significance
Consortium
SeattleSNPs
trademark
high-density oligonucleotide
diversity
between-population
Information Technology
related-content
Synonymous
RESEARCH ARTICLES
substantial
evaluating
promising
phenotypic
Carrington
Stokowski
haplotype analysis
impressive considering
different
phenotypic variation
Nashville
Variation
Etlatongo
modification
3Department
Instituto
Institute
comprehensive
Neuroscientist
penetrance
concordance
Haplotype
analysis
long-range polymerase
microtubule-associated
consistency
Halperin,2
significant difference
answering
Similarly
Nickerson
Formative
candidate
Nilsen,1
demographic
treatment
Although
extensive
identical
definitive
Population African-American
Missouri
necessary
Ballinger,1
identifying
specific
informative
byproduct
invaluable
replacement
protein-coding
Geoffrey
International
conservative
Alzheimer
Population
Interaction
SCIENCE
equivalent
agreement
Archaeology
comparison
Single-nucleotide
Large-scale
December
Altshuler
practical
neurodegenerative
//genome
MacCurdy Endowment
haplotype
Kruglyak
obtaining
Advancement
intervention
Extended
additional
undiscovered
November
Przeworski
Archaeometry
array-based resequencing
overlapping
unreliable
Antropologi
ancestral
ss23145044
Engineering
comprehensive whole-genome
heterogeneous
physical proximity
interplay
particular phenotype
haplotype-based approach
contribute
engineering
Anthropol
chromosome
incorrect
Instrumental
Although repetitive
Archaeological Chemistry
Washington­Fred Hutchinson
sufficient
conclusion
European-American
autonomic
noncoding
endocrine
Sainsbury
variation
important
centromeric
structure
EuropeanAmerican
algorithm
obtaining permission
behavioral
inter-SNP
